We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
He added: "It's backfired on him now, though, that's the sad thing."
He claimed it would have been "impossible" for Jackson to have abused children at his Neverland ranch because he was "hardly" there.
Government Retires 15 More Senior Tax Officials On Graft Charges
New Delhi:
The government has compulsorily retired 15 more tax officers in the fourth tranche of its crackdown on errant officials accused of corruption and other malpractices.
The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) -- the agency that oversees GST and import tax collections -- compulsorily retired 15 senior officers under Fundamental Rule 56 (J) on corruption and other charges, official sources said.
Sources said the action was in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort when he had said some black sheep in the tax administration may have misused their powers and harassed taxpayers, either by targeting honest assesses or taking excessive action for minor or procedural violations.
Nearly half of the officials retired were those who were arrested by the CBI for allegedly receiving illegal gratification. One of them was caught accepting a bribe of Rs 15,000. One official is accused of having assets disproportionate to his known source of income.
In June, the government had compulsorily retired 15 commissioner-level officials of CBIC on charges of corruption, collecting and giving bribes, smuggling and even criminal conspiracy. Prior to that, the government had compulsorily retired 12 senior IRS officials from the Income Tax department over charges of corruption, sexual harassment, disproportionate assets under Rule 56 (J) of the Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules.
In August, the government compulsorily retired 22 CBIC officials. The Rule 56 (J) of Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules, 1972 provides for periodical review of the performance of government servants with a view to ascertain whether they should be retained in service or retired in public interest.
As per these instructions, the cases of government servants covered by FR 56 (J), 56 (1) or Rule 48 (1) (b) of CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972 should be reviewed six months before they attain the age of 50-55 years, in cases covered by FR 56 (j) and on completion of 30 years of qualifying service under FR 56 (1) or Rule 48 of CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972.
Stephanie Lay said she found the piles of letters from the insurance company stashed in her mailbox between Thursday and Monday.
"A week ago Thursday was the first wave of letters, I got 46 letters," she told CNN. "I immediately called United Healthcare insurance and told them I received 46 letters of the same letter."
The letters were about a $54 or $0 healthcare claim that United Healthcare said is not covered, Lay said.
When she asked United Healthcare why she was receiving a mountain of letters, she was told it was a coding issue, she said.
In a statement, United Healthcare told CNN it's working to resolve the issue but it cannot provide details due to privacy requirements.
Antonio Brown has indicated he's not retiring from the NFL, only a few days after announcing he was done with the league in a Twitter rant.
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now." He followed with the suggestion that the game needs him.
HSBC flips crime-spotting tool to scope new business
British bank HSBC (HSBA.L) has converted a financial crime-spotting algorithm it was forced to build in the wake of a money-laundering scandal into one that can scope out new business opportunities, bank executives said.
HSBC's Nivison said the lightbulb moment was realizing the tool could be repurposed to look for "green flags" of attractive potential clients rather than "red flags" of wrongdoing.
According to Rouhani, European signatories of the 2015 nuclear deal urged him to meet with US President Donald Trump, promising that Washington would lift "all" sanctions in return.
He said he rejected the proposal because, "under sanctions and maximum pressure," it would have been impossible to predict the end result of any negotiations.
Dog control laws in Scotland are being reviewed amid concerns about out-of-control animals and irresponsible owners.
A consultation has been launched by the Scottish Government seeking the public's views.
Ash Denham MSP said: "We are holding two reviews into dog control legislation because we are absolutely determined to help keep communities safe from irresponsible owners and their out-of-control dogs.
The consultation runs until January 15 and contains proposals to toughen and clarify the current legislation, including questioning whether a national dog control database should be created.
"This review is focused on steps that can be taken to help aid enforcement agencies such as local authorities, as they use their powers to help keep communities safe."
Saudi Arabia To Offer Tourist Visas For First Time, Abolish Abaya Rule
Visas in Saudi are currently restricted to expat workers, their dependents and Muslim pilgrims.
Saudi Arabia said Friday it will offer tourist visas for the first time, opening up the ultra-conservative kingdom to holidaymakers as part of a push to diversify its economy away from oil.
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.
Khateeb said the kingdom will also ease its strict dress code for foreign women, allowing them to go without the body-shrouding abaya robe that is still mandatory public wear for Saudi women.
Foreign women, however, will be required to wear "modest clothing," he added, without elaborating.
Visas in the desert kingdom, endowed with rich bedouin heritage and archaeological sites, are currently restricted to expat workers, their dependents and Muslim pilgrims travelling to holy sites in Mecca and Medina.
In a rare move, Saudi Arabia last year began issuing temporary visas to visitors to attend sporting and cultural events in a bid to kickstart tourism.
International criticism of the kingdom's human rights record, including the gruesome murder last year of critic Jamal Khashoggi and a crackdown on female activists, could further put off foreign visitors, observers say.
Fears of a regional conflict after the September 14 attacks on state oil giant Aramco may also dampen the kingdom's appeal to holidaymakers.
It says by 2030 it aims to attract up to 100 million annual visits by both domestic and foreign tourists.
Last year, construction of Qiddiya "entertainment city" was launched near Riyadh, which would include high-end theme parks, motor sport facilities and a safari area.
The Facebook trial was described as "a limited test in order for us to get some early learnings."
Lorenzo strengthens into Category 4 hurricane east of Caribbean
According to Colorado State University Meteorologist Philip Klotzbach, the Western Hemisphere, which encompasses the Atlantic and eastern Pacific basins, has generated 16 named storms since Aug. 21.
"This is the most on record for the Western Hemisphere between Aug. 21-Sept. 23, breaking the old record of 15 named storms set in 1984 and 2002," he wrote on Twitter.
U.S. Soldiers talk after a routine inspection of a Patriot missile battery at a Turkish military base in Gaziantep, Turkey.
The Pentagon on Thursday announced that the U.S. will send a Patriot missile battery, radars and roughly 200 support personnel to Saudi Arabia in the wake of the attacks on its oil facilities earlier this month.
President Donald Trump slammed Iran's alleged role in the attacks on Saudi oil facilities, telling world leaders at the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday that they should pressure Tehran into diplomatic talks.
"All nations have a duty to act," Trump said regarding his call to counter Iranian behavior. "No responsible government should subsidize Iran's bloodlust. As long as Iran's menacing behavior continues, sanctions will not be lifted, they will be tightened."
The Sept. 14 strikes on the world's largest crude-processing plant and oil field forced Saudi Arabia to shut down half of its production operations. The drone attacks triggered the largest spike in crude prices in decades and renewed concerns of a budding conflict in the Middle East. While Tehran has been widely blamed for the attacks, it maintains that it was not involved.
Skydiver dies after crashing into big rig trailer on California highway
The 28-year-old woman was skydiving with a group of seven people around 2 p.m. Thursday, California Highway Patrol PIO Ruben Jones told CNN.
The group took off from the Lodi Parachute Center. CNN has reached out to the facility for comment.
Conditions were windy, and the woman crashed into the truck during the skydiving group's descent near the Lodi Airport, Jones said.
'Hideous' Central Coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court
He then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her.
Shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation.
The man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between August 2016 and April 2017.
The 12-year-old victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife.
An example of a camouflage Ghillie suit the man used.
When she pleaded "stop, stop, stop," he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub.
The man told the girl: "Shhh, don't scream. Don't scream or I'll have to hurt you."
With dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment.
The man's sentencing hearing continues on Tuesday.
No federal charges in fatal California police shooting
Federal authorities declined to pursue civil rights charges Thursday against Sacramento police officers who fatally shot an unarmed black man, a killing that sparked protests and spurred changes to a state law governing when authorities can use deadly force.
The U.S. Attorney's Office and the FBI said a federal review of the 2018 shooting of 22-year-old Stephon Clark found "insufficient evidence" to pursue charges against Officers Terrance Mercadal and Jared Robinet. Both will be returned to active duty.
Sacramento police also announced Thursday their internal investigation did not find any policy or training violations.
The federal investigation looked at evidence such as witness statements, audio and video recordings, dispatch records, police reports, and autopsy reports to determine whether the officers acted willfully with the intent to use objectively unreasonable force.
Lawmakers last month updated the nation's oldest law governing police use of deadly force, making it now among the country's most comprehensive when combined with additional training.
Pope warns tech execs to use AI for the common good
Pope Francis on Friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good.
Organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants" expertise identify possible future advisers for the Catholic Church on high tech issues.
The House voted Friday to block the national emergency declaration President Donald Trump is using to fund his proposed border wall.
Trump will likely veto the resolution, the sixth time he will have blocked congressional legislation as president. He already vetoed a measure to end the emergency declaration in March.
Failing to get the funding he desired for borders on the southern border from both the Mexican government and Congress, Trump declared the national emergency in February. His administration plans to pull $3.6 billion from military construction to fund border projects.
Democrats have accused Trump of both circumventing Congress' power of the purse and raiding key Defense funds for unnecessary barriers. A handful of Republicans in both the House and Senate also had concerns about the precedent Trump's declaration would set for executive overreach in the future.
Some Senate Republicans facing elections next year have faced sharp political pressure over the national emergency vote.
Google Marks Its 21st Birthday With a Doodle: All You Need to Know
Initially, the search engine was called "BackRub" and it was later renamed "Google."
"We chose our systems name, Google, because it is a common spelling of googol, or 10100 and fits well with our goal of building very large-scale search engines," Sergey Brin and Lawrence (Larry) Page wrote in 1998 in a paper published about launching a prototype of a "large-scale search engine."
"The relentless search for better answers continues to be at the core of everything we do," Google writes on its Our Story page. "Today, with more than 60,000 employees in 50 different countries, Google makes hundreds of products used by billions of people across the globe, from YouTube and Android to Smartbox and, of course, Google Search. Although we've ditched the Lego servers and added just a few more company dogs, our passion for building technology for everyone has stayed with us - from the dorm room, to the garage, and to this very day.
Oil falls after Iran claims US offered to remove sanctions, Trump denies
Oil slid after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani claimed Friday that the U.S. offered to remove all sanctions on Iran in exchange for negotiations. President Donald Trump and the State Department later denied those claims, causing oil to rebound from the lows.
WTI crude futures were last down by 0.9% to $55.91 after falling as low as $54.79. Brent crude futures dropped 1.4% to $61.89.
Trump later said he responded "of course, NO!" to Iran who he said wanted him to lift the sanctions in order to meet.
The State Department called the report "baseless," adding the U.S. is committed to zero oil exports from the Iranian regime, Bloomberg News said.
Rouhani's comment came after a series of drones attacked oil facilities in Saudi Arabia on Sept. 14, which had forced the kingdom to cut production in half. The U.S. and some European countries, as well as Saudi Arabia, have blamed the attack on Iran. Tehran has denied any role in the incident. The Trump administration also announced plans to deploy U.S. forces to the region.
"There's been a big bearish risk from a thaw in the US Iran situation for some time and this will put a remarkable amount of oil back onto the market immediately if it were to occur," said John Kilduff of Again Capital.
Trump last year withdrew the U.S. from a nuclear deal between Iran, the U.S. and five other countries that removed sanctions from the country in return for its commitment to end its nuclear.
The Islamic Republic, a target of U.S. sanctions for decades, was blamed by Washington for recent attacks on oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz, which Tehran denies. Iran also shot down a U.S. military drone and announced plans to execute 17 suspected U.S. spies.
A massive security operation is in place across Afghanistan for the country's presidential election on Saturday.
Royal news: How Princess Beatrice "reacted with fury at hostile family members"
On Thursday, The Duke and Duchess of York announced that their eldest daughter, Princess Beatrice, is engaged to her boyfriend, the 34-year old property tycoon Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The Princess, who is ninth-in-line to the throne, will tie the knot with Mr Mapelli Mozzi next year. The couple said in a statement: "We are both so excited to be embarking on this life adventure together.
"Andrew and I are just the luckiest people ever to have two great sons in law."
The snaps appeared to show Texan millionaire John Bryan kissing and sucking the Duchess" toes and the arch of her foot, and Prince Philip in particular, is said to have had the strongest reaction to her daughter-in-law's scandalous antics.
However, his behaviour was reportedly "appalling" towards the Duchess of York, and Princess Beatrice once claimed her mother was the victim of "mean spirited actions to make her feel unwelcome."
The report noted that the Duchess" spokesman was unable to comment on the claims, but a friend of Fergie was quoted as saying: "It is no secret that Sarah's daughters are pretty fed up by the way their mother has been treated by some members of the Royal Family.
The Next Big Labor Strike Hits Oregon
As Alejandro Segurra, another IT worker at Portland State University, said, "I'm willing to go on strike because I don't think it's fair that people are paid wages that don't allow them to live in the city that they serve." Portland State library worker Theresa Stapleburg was even more direct: "I want to strike because I've been here 24 years, and I need a raise - a living wage."
As inflation climbs and the cost of living in Oregon soars, these workers are being left to flounder, and management has shown little sympathy for their plight. Contract negotiations that began in February broke down in mid-August. At that point, the bosses had laid out some particularly egregious proposals - a paltry cost-of-living increase, a denial of seniority demands from long-term university workers, and a price hike for staff meals - that workers saw as disrespectful, and even cruel. "There is an unwritten class system at the universities," Fulmer said. "And we are at the bottom of it."
And Oregon's state university workers aren't the only ones taking action. Oregon is a powder keg of militancy right now, and its fuse is now burning bright and hot. Grocery store workers at the Fred Meyer supermarket chain are ramping up their campaign against their employer, and while there are no official plans to strike yet, tensions are running high; their union, United Food and Commercial Workers Local 555, has already called for a boycott, and filed an unfair labor practice report against the chain.
In the healthcare sector, the 4,500 members of the Service Employees International Union Local 49 workers at Kaiser Permanente authorized a strike (with a 98 percent approval rate) if a deal isn't reached before their existing contract expires in October - which was only narrowly avoided with a new tentative agreement. Elsewhere in the industry, the Oregon Nurses Association, which represents more than 120 nurses at Astoria Hospital, has been deadlocked in contract negotiations with the hospital administration; their last contract expired in May, and the clock is ticking.
It's unclear just how deeply such collective action may take root this fall, but it certainly would be fitting if the general strike returned to the Northwest in 2019. And from there we can only hope that its spirit will spread even further, into the heart of Midwestern farming, Southern manufacturing, Texan oil fields, Appalachian coal mines, Northeastern construction, the Silicon Valley tech giants, and everywhere in between. Lord knows that something's gotta give.
Civility in Politics: New awards scheme set up to counter Westminster division and recognise politicians who show courtesy
To counter the division, the "Civility in Politics" awards were announced on Friday, with the politician of the year to be awarded £3,000 to give to charity.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for the tone of language he has used in the Commons chamber
"As divisions and bitterness mount in the continuing debates around Brexit, we strongly believe that politics has to respond not by mirroring these trends, but by bucking them.
On Thursday, Labour MP Jess Phillips - another one of those to have criticised Mr Johnson - said a man was arrested after trying to "kick the door" of her constituency office while reportedly shouting that she was a "fascist."
Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson, meanwhile, was speaking to police following threats made to one of her young children.
Setting the example? Income inequality in the US is at an all-time high
The US may be the world's wealthiest nation, but it is also one where the super-rich thrive no matter what while the desperately poor often rely on GoFundMe to pay their medical bills. The economic inequality affects both wealth and incomes, with the latter being at an all-time high.
North Carolina man wins five times in the same lottery drawing
Add Lancaster of Pikeville told North Carolina Education Lottery officials he used five sets of his own numbers to buy a Cash 5 ticket with five plays for Monday night's drawing when he stopped at Wissam & Brothers Inc. in Pikeville.
Khloe Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson leaves ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram pic after rumours he wants her back
The 35-year-old star dumped the NBA player for good earlier this year after he was accused of cheating on her with family friend Jordyn Woods - having previously cheated when she was nine months pregnant with their daughter, True.
In the blurred snap, Khloe is stood in front of the rising sun, with the mum-of-one captioning the pic: "May you have the courage to explore every dream you dream."
Publicly commenting, Tristan wrote: "The sun is shining bright on a beautiful [diamond emoji]."
Tristan cheated on Khloe when she was nine months pregnant
Another advised: "Just get off Instagram."
A third wrote: "Don't fall for it Khloe."
Earlier this month, The Sun revealed that Tristan bought Khloe a £400,000 Porsche in a bid to win her back - on the advice of Drake.
He settled on the grovelling gift, thought to be a 911, after being urged to pull a "power move" by his rapper pal.
As a result, pals said Tristan even won an invite from Khloe to a 'Taco Tuesday' dinner at her mansion - bringing him one step closer to a reunion with the reality star and their 17-month-old daughter True.
Khloe was left heartbroken by Tristan's infidelity
"But after what Tristan did, he can't expect Khloe to roll out the red carpet for him."
The pair are mum and dad to 17-month-old True
Khloe Kardashian breaks down in tears and screams at cheating boyfriend Tristan Thompson in new Keeping Up With The Kardashians series 16 trailer
The Sun revealed last month that Tristan planned to invite Khloe on a romantic trip to Greece after vowing: "I will get my family back."
However, the star's family reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians later showed that the event ended with Khloe in tears as she struggled to come to terms with his infidelity.
Stem cells of 56 child cancer patients lost at Children's Hospital after freezer malfunction
A freezer malfunction at Children's Hospital Los Angeles resulted in the loss of 56 children's blood stem cells that were harvested at the beginning of each patient's oncology therapy and stored in the event they could prove useful in the future.
Stein said that the recollection of patients" stem cells would only be recommended in the event that they are needed in the event that the patient relapses.
Prince Harry walks across Angolan minefield to reconnect with Princes Diana's legacy
Wearing protective body armor and a visor, Diana, Princess of Wales, visits a minefield being cleared by the charity Halo in Huambo, Angola, January 15, 1997.
"Landmines are an unhealed scar of war," Prince Harry said. "By clearing the landmines we can help this community find peace, and with peace comes opportunity."
Prince Harry detonated a recently detected mine in Angola.
Thomas Cook pension trustees plot deal to salvage payouts
The discussions are at a very preliminary stage and - even if successful - will not result in a deal until after the Thomas Cook schemes have been through an assessment by the PPF.
Thomas Cook bosses face investigation into what led to collapse
Collectively, they hold assets worth about £1.5bn.
Thomas Cook's liquidation brought to an end 178 years of solvent trading, prompting the launch of inquiries by the government's Insolvency Service, the accounting watchdog and an influential committee of MPs.
What went so wrong for Thomas Cook?
Thomas Cook was founded in 1841 by a 32-year-old cabinet-maker and former Baptist preacher who began offering one-day rail excursions from Leicester to Loughborough for a shilling.
A spokesman for Thomas Cook's pension trustees declined to comment on Friday.
Adorable pictures show new-born rhino nuzzling her mother and exploring new home
The youngster, who is healthy and nursing well, can be seen wondering about her enclosure before resting alongside her mother on a bed of straw.
A newborn Rhino calf will stand up within one hour of birth. Once born, the calf will immediately attempt to suckle, although he or she may be a little unsteady on their feet for the first few days.
He is now facing 10 counts of murder in Canada and 16 counts of attempted murder following the attack on April 23, 2018.
When asked about the deaths, he told police: "I feel like I accomplished my mission."
US theater chain bans dressing up for "Joker" screenings over fears of another shooting
Meanwhile, Kansas-based AMC Theatres, the largest chain in the country, reiterated its ban on "masks, face paint or any object that conceals the face," but said they will welcome viewers in costume.
Christie Hefner, businesswoman and daughter of Playboy Founder, Hugh Hefner, says "The Girlfriend's Guide to Closing The Deal" is both highly entertaining and very helpful. Melody weaves together personal anecdotes, triumphs, and setbacks with useful lessons learned. From how to own your ideas in a meeting to when its time to "friend up," everyone can benefit from Melody's story."
Romania Invests Billions in a Black Sea Military Base
The base has already become a center of increased NATO activity in the Black Sea, which has become a key area of tension between Russia and the West. After Moscow annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, the Kremlin began to increase its naval presence in the Black Sea, using the deep-sea base in Sevastopol to carry out naval missions in Syria. Russia is also hampering shipping in the region and last year captured three Ukrainian ships in the Kerch Strait.
Romania and Bulgaria, located on the Black Sea coast, which in the past were allies of the USSR, have joined NATO and the EU since its collapse. In response to Russia's actions, they have asked the alliance to strengthen its presence in the region, writes The Times. In February, 500 US troops arrived at Romania's air base. An Eurofighter Typhoon fighter squadron of the British Air Force is stationed and deployed. Since April last year, these aircraft have repeatedly intercepted Russian fighter jets. Georgia, located on the eastern Black Sea coast, is also concerned about Russia's aspirations. It is not a member of the alliance, but is involved in NATO military exercises. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said during a visit to Tbilisi in March that the alliance was "preparing" Georgia for accession. Ukraine has also participated in NATO exercises in the region and has been developing its engagement with the Union since 2014.
Ukraine, the "New Berlin Wall," Once Again Lies at the Center of Scandal
Mr. Poroshenko's eagerness to win over Mr. Trump and his growing fears that political rivals would thwart his re-election opened the way for Mr. Giuliani to press Ukraine's prosecutor general, Yuri Lutsenko, who has since been fired, to help Mr. Trump's own re-election by investigating Joe Biden and his son.
How Mr. Poroshenko expected the Trump administration to help lift his sagging fortunes ahead of Ukraine's presidential election, held in two rounds in March and April this year, is unclear. He got trounced anyway, losing emphatically to Mr. Zelensky, whose own officials quickly became the Trump team's new targets in its drive to damage Mr. Biden.
While Democrats want Mr. Trump impeached over his dealings with Ukraine, the president and his allies have counterattacked with their own Ukraine-focused scandals. They have revived a debunked theory that the country colluded with the Clinton campaign to hurt Mr. Trump's chances in 2016 and asserted, with little evidence, that Mr. Biden used his position as vice president to prevent Ukraine from investigating his son.
Ukrainians, jaded after years of watching their own leaders trade the power and privileges of office for personal financial or political gain, have mostly shrugged off what, for Mr. Trump, is possibly the most serious scandal to buffet the White House since Watergate toppled President Richard Nixon in 1974.
That a country few Americans paid much attention to in the past now commands center stage in Washington has stirred mostly bemusement in Ukraine. Those feelings are also tinged with a touch of pride that, after centuries in the shadow of Russia, its giant neighbor to the north, the nation is no longer seen as a backwater but a pivot around which the fate of the world's most powerful country implausibly turns.
Pavlo Klimkin, Ukraine's foreign minister under Mr. Poroshenko, said in a caustic Twitter message this week that going down in history "as the country that led to the impeachment of the U.S. president" was "not a very fun prospect." But, he added, "Now everyone understands what we are capable of."
Brother Jailed For Life For Pakistan Social Media Star Qandeel Baloch's Honour Killing
The brother of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch was on Friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highest-profile "honour killing."
Baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies -- tame by Western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic Pakistan -- was strangled in July 2016.
Her brother Muhammad Waseem was arrested. Days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that "of course" he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been "intolerable."
"Inshallah (God willing), he will be acquitted by a high court," he said.
"He is innocent. She was my daughter and he is my son," she said.
Baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of so-called "honour killings," in which a victim -- usually a woman -- is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes.
Women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or -- in Baloch's case -- bringing "shame" on their family by celebrating their sexuality.
But, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven.
Some of Baloch's better-known actions included offering to perform a striptease for the Pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on Valentine's Day.
Three Scottish students named among Europe's best
Scott Sheldrick, who graduated in Molecular Genetics, won the Europe award for Life Sciences, Chester Cornford studied MSc Mental Health Nursing and was awarded the Nursing, Midwifery & Allied Healthcare prize, whilst Lola Knibb won the Visual Arts award.
Included in the five praised students were Nicholas Gallagher and James Osbourne (both Life Sciences), Ferenc Kohsuke Ishikawa Gutai (Medicine), Caitlyn Scott (Anatomical Sciences) and Waco Yokoyama (Philosophy).
Oldest galaxy protocluster forms 'queen's court'
Using the Subaru, Keck, and Gemini Telescopes, an international team of astronomers has discovered a collection of 12 galaxies which existed about 13.0 billion years ago. This is the earliest protocluster ever found. One of the 12 galaxies is a giant object, known as Himiko, which was discovered a decade ago by the Subaru Telescope and named for a mythological queen in ancient Japan. This discovery suggests that large structures such as protoclusters already existed when the Universe was only about 800 million years old, 6 percent of its present age.
Interestingly, one of the 12 galaxies in z66OD was a giant object with a huge body of gas, known as Himiko, which was found previously by the Subaru Telescope in 2009. "It is reasonable to find a protocluster near a massive object, such as Himiko. However, we're surprised to see that Himiko was located not in the center of the protocluster, but on the edge 500 million light-years away from the center." said Masami Ouchi, a team member at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and the University of Tokyo, who discovered Himiko in 2009. Ironically, the mythological queen Himiko is also said to have lived cloistered away from her people. Ouchi continues, "It is still not understood why Himiko is not located in the center. These results will be a key for understanding the relationship between clusters and massive galaxies."
Nancy Pelosi is subject of book by daughter Christine Pelosi
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday. Christine Pelosi's book will examine how a mother of five became the first female house speaker and her current leadership of House Democrats during the Trump administration. According to Skyhorse, Christine Pelosi will weave together "the professional and personal experiences" of her mother.
Warren's lemonade money went to a pro-life charity
When Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.) purchased drinks from two girls running a lemonade stand in August, she may not have been aware that her $10 purchase would be donated to a pro-life charity.
"Our daughters thought [Warren] was nice," Dan Michels, a Trump supporter and a father to one of the girls, told the Washington Free Beacon. "She came by and told us we should vote for her. And our daughters told us she was a nice person, but we don't align with her politically and ... because she's pro-choice, we said we should donate her money to a pro-life [cause]."
"My daughter told us she wanted us to vote for her," Michels said. "We talked about the abortion part of things and said maybe we should donate money to stop abortion, and my daughter was all for that."
Why viruses like Herpes and Zika will need to be reclassified: Biotech impact
In the 1950s and '60s as scientists began to obtain high resolution images of viruses, they discovered the detailed structure of the capsid -- an outer protective layer composed of multiple copies of the same protein -- which protects the virus' genetic material. The majority of viruses have capsids that are typically quasi-spherical and display icosahedral symmetry -- like a 20-sided dice for instance.
Why this matters
Two researchers who study the structures of viruses, Antoni Luque, a theoretical biophysicist at San Diego State University and a member of its Viral Information Institute, and Reidun Twarock, a mathematical biologist from the University of York, UK, and a member of York's Cross-disciplinary Centre for Systems Analysis, show that many viruses have essentially been misclassified for 60 years, including common viruses such as Herpes simplex and Zika.
Their study, which will be published in Nature Communications on Friday, September 27, also shows that viruses that are part of the same structural lineage, based on the protein that they're composed of, adopt consistent icosahedral capsid layouts, providing a new approach to study virus evolution.
Biotech applications
"We can use this discovery to target both the assembly and stability of the capsid, to either prevent the formation of the virus when it infects the host cell, or break it apart after it's formed," Luque said. "This could facilitate the characterization and identification of antiviral targets for viruses sharing the same icosahedral layout."
Architectural applications
"This study introduces a more general framework than the classic Caspar-Klug construction. It is based on the conservation of the local vertices formed by the proteins that interact in the capsid," Luque explained. "This approach led to the discovery of six new types of icosahedral capsid layouts, while recovering the two classical layouts from Caspar-Klug based on Goldberg and geodesic polyhedra."
Four men testified Thursday about how the assaults affected their lives. One of the victims went public for the first time.
Having Too Much Of This Spice Could Damage Liver
May cause mouth sores - Not only does too much cinnamon help contribute to deadly conditions but they may also cause mouth sores. This is supposedly because cinnamon contains cinnamaldehyde, which is a compound that when ingested in large amounts, can cause an allergic reaction in our bodies. However, one can only get mouth sores from cinnamaldehyde when they're allergic from it.
After both sides rested their cases on Thursday, Friedman said he would rule as quickly as possible.
The cause of the fire is being investigated. The plant is among the highest-risk industrial sites in Europe.
In a December 2018 report the Energy Information Administration said it expected the United States" LNG export capacity to double by the end of this year to 8.9 billion cu ft daily. This will make the US the third-largest exporter of LNG in terms of capacity after Qatar and Australia. By 2030, US LNG exports are estimated to reach 17 billion cu ft daily, from some 3 billion cu ft at the start of 2019.
Viola Davis Drops Some Truth Bombs About Playing Michelle Obama On 'Jimmy Kimmel'
"I'm terrified," the actor said on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" Thursday.
"Listen, I don't want to make my people mad," she said.
Judge shows concern for violent teen's choice of drink on attack night
A judge sentencing a teenager for a violent attack on a love rival appeared to show just as much concern about his choice of drink in the lead up to it.
Oxford Crown Court heard Clifton had been drinking mixers at the Fat Fox pub in Watlington, Oxfordshire, shortly before the assault in March last year.
Clifton, from Chalgrove, was handed a 12-month sentence, suspended for 12 months, ordered to complete a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement along with 160 hours" unpaid work and pay £750 compensation.
'It sounds dorky, but it's really fun': inside the cosy world of bookstagram
A pink blanket goes with everything: Jane Austen classics, a queer young-adult romcom, fantasy novel Six of Crows. Jordan Hickey's version is crocheted, made by her grandmother, and appears in most photos on her Instagram account pagetravels, where it's paired with various books to evoke a sense of tantalizing coziness. Wouldn't you like to be here right now, her photos imply, cuddled up with this blanket and this mug of coffee, with nothing else on your to-do list aside from reading the new novel Frankly In Love, out today?
Hickey is a part of "bookstagram," the corner of Instagram combining a love of books with stylized, eye-catching photos, to the delight of large fanbases. The bookstagram tag has been used on over 35m Instagram posts, and the more popular bookstrammers have upwards of 100,000 followers (for comparison, the Instagram for the New York Times book section has about 69,000 followers.) There are enough people joining bookstagram that a slew of articles have cropped up, advising would-be bookstagrammers on best practice, how to manage Instagram's "pesky algorithm" and the best budget-friendly props. Some accounts focus on old books, or books by authors of color, many play with elaborate staging.
Leader of Colombia's Los Pelusos crime gang killed, president says
The 49-year-old was wanted on terrorism and murder charges and located in Norte de Santander province on Thursday.
'How dare you?' Thunberg's U.N. speech inspires Dutch climate protesters
Banging drums and holding pictures of Thunberg, protesters walked through the city center with placards reading: "For the Greta good," "Don't be a fossil fool," and "You will die of old age, we will die of climate change."
Thunberg's brief address electrified the start of the summit aimed at mobilizing government and business to break international paralysis over carbon emissions, which hit record highs last year despite decades of warnings from scientists.
"This is all wrong. I shouldn't be up here. I should be back in school on the other side of the ocean yet you all come to us young people for hope. How dare you?" she said, her voice quavering with emotion.
Military Sees Frustrating Trend As Suicides Spike
Military and defense leaders expressed dismay and a resolve to do more to increase resilience in the force, train service members how to handle stress better and encourage troops to seek help when they need it. Van Winkle said the military is also looking at increasing efforts to train troops on the safe storage of firearms and medication. She said there are no consistent rules or regulations across the department and the services requiring gun locks or other controls on firearms, but that some states or bases have their own restrictions.
She and Karen Orvis, director of the suicide prevention office, said recognizing service members who may be struggling or at risk of taking their own lives is very difficult, and that sometimes suicide is a sudden, impulsive decision with little warning. They said it's difficult to identify reasons for suicide because there are so many stresses that could contribute.
They also acknowledged that service members are reluctant to come forward and seek help, because they worry that it could affect promotions or security clearances. And military leaders said they must all work harder to address those perceived roadblocks.
Seth Meyers Loses It Laughing During Donald Trump 'Tango & Cash' Impression
The comedian noted how Trump had visited the El Paso, Texas, hospital where victims of the weekend's mass shooting are being treated while his campaign still owed the city more than half a million dollars for a political rally in February.
"That's so him," said Meyers. "I'm surprised his Oval Office desk isn't covered in unreturned Blockbuster DVDs."
News outlets report 39-year-old Jerrontae Cain was sentenced Thursday on charges including being a felon in possession of a gun in the 2017 attack on 42-year-old Nicole Gordon.
Suffering from severe headaches and memory loss, Gordon was examined last year by doctors who found a bullet lodged in her skull.
This Model's Runway Stomp Has Eclipsed All Else At Paris Fashion Week
His walk, paired with his belted top, white shorts, knee-high boots and cadet hat, quickly took the internet by storm. In one video of his walk, it appears he even got a smile out of Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour as he passed by her.
Actor and "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Lisa Rinna described Leon as her "spirit animal," and fashion designer and singer Rihanna followed him on Instagram.
"This video and this exit take the cake," one fan wrote on Leon's page after the model posted a video of his walk. "Crushhh leon" another added, while makeup artist and mogul Pat McGrath ― who did the makeup for the show ― left him lightning and fire emojis.
Geomagnetic Storm in the Last days of September
Sony, Disney Back To Work On Third Spider-Man Film
"[Spider-Man] happens to be the only hero with the superpower to cross cinematic universes, so as Sony continues to develop their own Spidey-verse you never know what surprises the future might hold," he said.
The end to the Spidey standoff came more than a month after it was reported the two studios were unable to reach terms on a deal for a sequel to their previous films, "Homecoming" and "Far From Home."
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said he's not optimistic about a deal, but urged British leaders to present a plan at a Brexit summit on Oct. 17.
"The withdrawal agreement is actually an international treaty," he said. "It's not the kind of thing that can be amended or cobbled together late at night."
Scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star
School strikers around the world march to demand action on climate
Children around the world launched another wave of school strikes demanding action on climate change Friday, in their first major action since the issue topped world leader's agenda at the United Nations this week.
The Fridays for Future movement that began as a lone demonstration by Swedish teen Greta Thunbergjust over a year ago has mushroomed, with millions of students taking to the streets of cities like New Yorkand attracting attention in developing nations across Africa.
"You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words," she said on Tuesday. "The eyes of all future generations are upon you and if you choose to fail us, I say we will never forgive you."
Citing a U.N.-backed reportreleased last year, demonstrators are demanding governments implement measures to prevent global temperatures from rising more than 2.7 degrees, which scientists warn result in dire consequences for human life and the planet.
Serena Williams Fined $10,000 For Allegedly Damaging Wimbledon Court
Serena Williams, tennis legend and seven-time Wimbledon champion, is being fined $10,000 for allegedly damaging the London practice courts with her racquet.
The All England Club, which hosts the Wimbledon tournament, handed the fine to Williams after she reportedly caused damage during a practice round on the outside courts on June 30, according to The Associated Press and CNN.
"I haven't really thought about it, to be honest," she said when asked about the fine. "I just threw my racquet. I got fined."
During that incident, the umpire issued three code violations to Williams: One for receiving illegal coaching, a second for breaking her tennis racket in frustration and a third after she confronted the umpire and called him a "thief."
Many of Williams" fans claimed that the umpire was unnecessarily harsh in his response to her, especially considering male players" meltdowns throughout the history of the sport.
Italian player Fabio Fognini was fined $3,000 for saying a "bomb should explode" at the tennis courts after he lost the third round to U.S. player Tennys Sandgren on Saturday.
The Who STOP concert last night: Friday and Sunday shows CANCELLED
The band left the stage, originally suggesting they would try to work out the rest of the set without Roger.
The crowd was completely supportive, cheering the 74-year-old as he explained what had happened and how the band hoped to return to honour their commitment to the show.
Michael Schumacher's Manager with a Statement about his Condition
"Michael's health is not a public issue, so we will not comment on it, if only because we need to protect Michael's privacy as much as possible," Kehm stated. "We realise that this is difficult for some people to understand, but we do so in perfect accordance with Michael's attitude and can only thank you for being understanding,"
Authorities Investigating Deadly Crash In Angeles National Forest, Body Found
Since then, wherever conflict between major powers rises, so does the threat of a nuclear war.
Thursday marks the International Day for the Total Elimination of Nuclear Weapons, but it's a goal that looks increasingly less likely.
Meghan to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and refuses let own needs 'fade away' amid her royal duties
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
During a conversation with the female tech founders Meghan, who has campaigned vigorously for the empowerment of young women and girls, said she hopes to do the same for young men.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
She added that having Meghan present 'didn't feel hierarchical', as it was 'women gathered together and a talk about the struggles we have, as well as the things we need to do to move forward and grow and change our societies'.
Matsi Modise, founder of skills training company Simodisa, said Meghan is determined to continue to champion the issues close to her heart despite being a member of the Fold.
'She wasn't referring to being a royal, but life in general when you have challenges,' Modise added, admitting she felt a bit 'awestruck' by Meghan.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
Meghan also revealed she's enjoying the pressures of being a working mother, admitting she finds juggling being a royal and looking after baby Archie 'a lot' but 'all so exciting'.
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now. Being a working mum and travelling as well with a baby, my goodness it's a lot, but it's all so exciting.
She took along some of Archie's baby clothes, including a onesie saying 'The Future' and his Invictus babygro which he no longer fits, alongside donations from her friends with children.
Parents of 5-month-old stuffed in suitcase and tossed in dumpster get 6 years in prison
Adam Manson, 34, and Kiana Williams, 32, each pleaded no contest to one felony count of child abuse resulting in death and admitted to a special allegation that they caused the death of their son, Jacsun Manson, the Los Angeles County district attorney announced.
Manson and Williams had initially pleaded not guilty to the charges.
In late April, weeks after searching through the El Sobrante Landfill in Corona, authorities called off the search. The child's body was never found.
UK's medical drug supply still uncertain in no-deal Brexit
Britain's government watchdog says there is still a "significant amount" of work to do to ensure the country has an adequate supply of medical drugs in case of a no-deal Brexit.
According to the British government's "reasonable worst-case" scenario, the flow of goods could be cut by half on Day One of a no-deal Brexit and could take a year to recover. It said time was "extremely limited" if the shipping issues were to be resolved by the end of October.
Meg Hillier, who chairs a committee overseeing the audit office, called the findings "deeply concerning." She said she had seen "countless examples" of the British government missing deadlines, but that this one was particularly striking.
Dr. Richard Torbett of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry said that while companies have been working to prepare for Brexit, "some things are outside of their control."
He said more details were needed on how companies might access government-planned freight capacity if Britain sees a no-deal departure from the EU.
Cleveland police branded 'failing' in all areas by inspectors
Scandal-hit Cleveland police has become the first force to be branded "failing" in all areas by inspectors.
It has been rated inadequate overall and in three key areas by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS), which scrutinised its ability to reduce crime and keep people safe, operate efficiently, as well as the way it treats the public and its workforce.
The findings mean the force is effectively plunged into special measures, where the chief constable and police and crime commissioner are called before a national board and questioned about their plans to ensure "critical improvements" are made.
Work practices were recently described by the chief inspector of constabulary as being about as "inefficient as you can possibly imagine," with officers having to share laptops and bodyworn cameras.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Phil Gormley said it was a "failing force" where there had been "significant" deterioration in the last two years.
Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen said the report described the "worst findings ever into any police force in the country" which was "finally the official validation" that the force is "broken" and said the Home Office needed to intervene now.
"The findings are some of the most distressing and shocking I have ever read."
He said senior leaders were not consistently demonstrating "ethical behaviour," and the "inappropriate behaviour of senior leaders within Cleveland is so profound that it is affecting the efficiency and effectiveness of the force."
Despite the findings, the force did receive a small amount of praise for the way it tackles serious and organised crime but was told it must improve the way it investigates crimes.
"The force's recent performance is simply not good enough."
Lewis said the report would act "as a line in the sand" for the force, adding: "Improvements have already been made and I take full responsibility for driving through the changes that are so obviously needed. In the five months I've been here I have met some exceptional police officers and staff, at all levels, and have seen lives saved and vulnerable people protected by the efforts and determination of frontline officers."
But so far politicians have never had to resort to this measure with police forces, inspectors said.
Kit Malthouse, minister for crime, policing and fire, said he welcomed the chief constable's "swift action to address these failings and will be monitoring the position closely," adding: "Transparency and accountability are vital for public trust in policing.
Immanuel Christian School: Sixth-grade boys accused of pinning down black girl and cutting off her dreadlocks in Virginia
A black middle school student from Virginia is accusing three white boys of pinning her down and cutting off her dreadlocks. The incident took place at Immanuel Christian School - where Vice President Mike Pence's wife, Karen Pence, is a teacher.
Amari Allen, a 12-year-old student at the private K-12 Christian school, said the boys called her dreadlocks "ugly" and "nappy" before cutting them off on the playground during recess.
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up. "They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.' They called me 'an attention-seeker.'"
Amari didn't tell her family about the incident until after her grandmother noticed the length of her hair had changed.
"They ran off laughing, and I was just sitting there," Amari said.
"It's very painful," said Cynthia Allen, Amari's grandmother. "I want to see them dismissed from the school. I want to see something done."
Allen's family pays nearly $12,000 per year for Amari to attend the school, which made headlines earlier this year after Karen Pence took an art teaching job at the famously anti-LGBTQ institution.
Iran releases British oil tanker Stena Impero
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.
"My deepest condolences on passing away of Jacques Chirac. India mourns the loss of a true global statesman. A friend of India, he played a decisive role in establishing and building India-France Strategic Partnership," Prime Minister Modi tweeted.
Jacques Chirac was known to have been suffering from ill health for a long time.
Uganda: Government Launches Oral HIV Self-Test Kit
Ministry of Health has launched an oral HIV self-test kit aimed at empowering citizens, especially men to carry out HIV testing.
Easy use
She, however, urged the men to take HIV testing as an important issue.
Mr Tasi said studies conducted showed no suicide cases and the ministry is confident that the potential of harm can be avoided because the test is voluntary.
Dr Atwine said apart from graphics and videos provided to educate the users, there should be toll free numbers always available to offer counselling in both government and private facilities, including all pharmacies.
Research. According to the research, OraQuick HIV self-test detected more than 99 per cent of people, who were infected with HIV and people, who were not infected with HIV.
Athletes feeling the heat at Qatar world championships
"We are from a hot climate as well, but nothing to compare with this," Bahamian coach Ronald Cartwright told Reuters.
"Here you walk outside and it's like somebody put a heater on you. I guess that is why they are doing it at night."
Shot putter Ryan Crouser, the 2016 Olympic champion, said he has had to heat up his shots to around 38 degrees Celsius to prevent them from becoming wet during practices in the sizzling heat and high humidity.
European pole vault champion Armand Duplantis, who trains in the heat of the southern U.S. state of Louisiana, said the humidity can prove helpful in practice because the addition of moisture to the chalk on his hands "makes for a really nice grip."
A prison locksmith has been arrested amid fears keys to a jail's cells have been copied resulting in taxpayers footing a £500,000 bill to replace all its locks.
House chairmen warn Trump to stop attacking whistleblower
The statement said Trump "is fully aware that our Committees are seeking testimony from this whistleblower and others referenced in the whistleblower's complaint released today as part of the House's impeachment inquiry, and our nation's laws prohibit efforts to discourage, intimidate, or otherwise pressure a witness not to provide testimony to Congress."
"No officials with knowledge relevant to the committees' investigation, including knowledge of the subject of the whistleblower complaint, may be subject to any intimidation, reprisal, or threat of reprisal, and all witnesses must be made available for congressional testimony," they added.
The statement on Thursday comes amidst an explosive week in Washington rooted in a whistleblower complaint alleging that Trump abused his official powers "to solicit interference" from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in the upcoming 2020 election, and the White House took steps to cover it up. A transcript of July phone conversation released by the White House on Wednesday shows Trump repeatedly pushed Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son, Hunter.
There is no evidence of wrongdoing by either Joe or Hunter Biden.
Even before the whistleblower complaint was made available to lawmakers, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Tuesday declared Trump had betrayed his oath of office and announced she was opening a formal impeachment inquiry into the President.
Michelle Obama Calls Meghan Markle 'An Inspiration' In Adoring Instagram
The duchess and Prince Harry, now on a 10-day royal tour of South Africa with their baby son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met Obama Foundation leaders.
"Thank you to my friend, Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex @sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it," the former first lady wrote in her glowing post.
"Whether meeting with our @ObamaFoundation Leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many," Obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling Meghan posing with foundation leaders.
"Being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go," Obama said in the interview.
She continued:
Moment hero police officer rushes onto busy motorway to save dog hit by car
Thankfully, the dog survived with just minor cuts and bruises.
"We nicknamed him "Lucky" and I think the name applies," the officer said. "He's definitely one lucky dog."
The dog was brought to a local animal shelter and his rescuer has since been hailed as a hero.
BOSTON (Reuters) - Companies making their debut on the U.S. stock market are getting a rough welcome, especially if they are losing money, casting a shadow over the calendar for initial public offerings for the rest of the year.
The surprise postponement of the WeWork IPO has underscored how confidence is eroding in the market both for companies looking to raise capital and investors.
A more discerning market for initial public offerings continued to punish Peloton Interactive Inc PTON.O on Friday, a day after it began trading, as shares of the fitness startup fell 4% to $24.74. The company is now trading 15% below its Wednesday IPO price.
Recent deals, however, suggest an uncertain economic outlook is pushing investors to be more selective about the loss-making companies they are willing to back.
Loss-making teeth-alignment company SmileDirectClub SDC.O earlier this month became the first U.S. IPO in three years to price above its target range and close down on its first trading day, according to research firm Renaissance Capital.
In the United States, much of the attention in the third quarter has focused on a deal that failed to come to fruition - the planned IPO of WeWork parent We Company.
Having aimed to launch its IPO earlier in September, the company postponed plans to list until later in 2019, before replacing its chief executive officer and saying it was reviewing its timetable to go public.
Endeavor Group Holdings (EDR.N), an entertainment and talent agency company backed by Hollywood power broker Ari Emanuel with a track record of losses, made a last-minute decision to abandon its IPO due to the tough market conditions. Taking a lesson from the struggles earlier in 2019 of ride-hailing companies Uber Technologies (UBER.N) and Lyft Inc (LYFT.O), which have no stated timetable for becoming profitable, investors have started to push back on companies with a history of steep losses. "It will be a dialogue among bankers and boards and senior management teams where they say, "these were isolated and not comparable," or say "we have a sentiment shift and we need to be more conservative and use a different strategy,"" said David Ethridge, U.S. IPO services leader at audit firm PwC. The market was more receptive to lesser-known names such as cyber security company Ping Identity PING.N and cloud monitoring company Datadog Inc DDOG.O. Both companies have reported more modest losses and rely on selling to companies rather than to consumers.
Jonathan Van Ness Just Hung Out With Nancy Pelosi And They've Got A Plan
Van Ness, who recently publicly came out as HIV positive, first shared a video of himself cat-walking in the Capitol, explaining in his caption that he'd met with the House speaker to talk Equality Act, living with HIV and access to PrEP (an HIV preventative medication):
He then shared a longer post picturing the two of them arm in arm, urging his followers to stand up to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and apply pressure to GOP senators to bring the Equality Act up for a Senate vote:
In August, the Trump administration asked the Supreme Court to essentially legalize anti-gay discrimination in the workplace, arguing in an amicus brief that the federal laws on employer discrimination in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 were not intended to protect individuals from being fired based on their sexual orientation.
Pelosi met earlier this year with Van Ness and three of his "Queer Eye" co-stars as well as Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.), to talk policy and promote the bill.
This time, the father-of-two will look at how animals use colour in their lives through high-tech cameras that were built especially for the programme.
But we're sure it'll be worth the wait.
The national treasure has entertained millions over his career, which has so far spanned 60 years.
"But this is an honour and a great pleasure."
Don't use my wife's name to score points, says husband of murdered MP Jo Cox
Critics said Mr Corbyn was using her murder to score "cheap political points" while her husband Brendan Cox said the Labour leader was "wrong" to infer hateful language was a "simple party political issue."
"If you have an ounce of decency Jeremy Corbyn you would take this video down." It follows a row over language in Parliament this week in which Mr Johnson said that the "best way" to honour Mrs Cox was to "get Brexit done." Her sister Kim Leadbeater called for a dialling down of extreme language saying it was "not helpful to Jo's kids."
House rebukes Trump on border wall, but he plans veto
The Democratic-controlled House is making a second attempt to overturn President Donald Trump's use of emergency powers to raid military base projects such as schools and target ranges to pay for his long-promised border fence.
The 236-174 vote sent the legislation to Trump, who is sure to veto it just as he killed a similar measure in March.
Friday's vote was different because it followed the recent release by the administration of a list of 127 military construction projects totaling $3.6 billion that will be canceled to pay for the border wall, including numerous projects in GOP districts and states.
Brazil says oil in spill along northeast beaches not Brazilian
Ibama said in a statement that it had been investigating the spill in several beaches in some northeastern states since Sept. 2. Local media showed pictures of sea turtles coated in black tar by the slick.
The spill spans over 1,500 kilometers (932 miles) of Brazil's northeast coast, affecting wildlife and polluting some of the postcard beaches in one of the nation's top touristic destinations, such as Praia do Futuro, in the state of Ceara, and Maragogi, in Alagoas state.
The head of Brazil's oil agency ANP Decio Oddone said the agency believes the oil could have been spilled by a tanker transporting the crude far from the Brazilian coast, but added this possibility has not yet been confirmed yet. An ANP statement said there were no reports of spills by any operator of oil drilling rigs in the country.
"If the lion's share of commands from the driver can be inputted through virtual assistants, rather than fiddling around with touchscreens and buttons, the current epidemic of driver distraction will be greatly mitigated," Palmer added. "Automakers have realized this and the race is on for them to integrate their own solutions or partner with consumer electronics companies such as Google and Amazon."
Ghana: World Rabies Day Observed
It was aimed at highlighting the essential role of mass canine vaccination in rabies elimination in the country.
Addressing the conference, the Assistant Director General and FAO Representative to Ghana, Mr Abebe Haile-Gabriel indicated that the issue of rabies could be minimised if efforts were geared towards vaccination and keeping stray animals away from humans especially children.
According to him, the 'Zero by 30' Global Strategic Plan "of the 500,000 people who died from rabies each year, 40 per cent are children living in Asia and Africa," and called for holistic approach to deal with the situation to save kids from rabies.
Mr Haile-Gabriel stated that most stray animals carried rabies and re-echoed the need for the country to supplement the United against Rabies 2030 strategy that requires the pet owners to vaccinate animals that carried zoonotic diseases.
A comprehensive roadmap for progressive elimination of rabies, he noted had been rolled out through the Ghana Rabies and Prevention Action Plan (2018-2030) to end epidemics of neglected tropical diseases by 2030.
He explained that through the "Zero human rabies deaths by 2030" strategy, countries were supported to develop and implement their national rabies elimination plans that embrace the One Health Concept and cross sectoral collaboration.
Dr Kaluwa noted that 99 per cent of zoonotic disease like rabies was transmitted from dogs to humans, adding that One Health approach to controlling and ultimately eliminating human rabies was expedient.
The 12-year-old who "silenced the world"
In the year since she organized school walkouts in her native Sweden to protest climate change, Greta Thunberg's environmental crusade has been unavoidable, culminating on Monday in an angry and passionate speech before the UN's Climate Action Summit, in which she lambasted politicians for stealing her "dreams" and her "childhood" with "empty words" while humanity stares down "a mass extinction."
Then again, they said the same about Severn Cullis-Suzuki in 1992. Long before Thunberg deadpanned to parliamentarians that "we probably don't even have a future any more," and netizens tore each other to shreds attacking and defending her, 12-year-old Cullis-Suzuki became known as the "The girl who silenced the world for five minutes" when she delivered a similar sermon before the UN Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro.
The tone of Cullis-Suzuki's speech is strikingly similar to Thunberg's. "We've come...to tell you adults that you must change your ways," she opened, just like Thunberg told the assembled adults "we will not let you get away with this."
Just as Thunberg told the UN summit "we are in the beginning of a mass extinction and all you can talk about is the money and fairytales of eternal economic growth," Cullis-Suzuki told leaders that "losing my future is not like losing an election or a few points on the stock market."
And underpinning both girls" messages was a nihilistic fatalism. "I am afraid to go out in the sun now because of the hole in our ozone. I am afraid to breathe the air because I don't know what chemicals are in it," Cullis-Suzuki said in 1992. Striking schoolchildren in 2019 carry banners reading "You'll die of old age, I'll die of climate change."
Assuming the world as we know it still exists 27 years from now - as Thunberg says it won't unless we slash carbon emissions to absolute zero in the next decade or so - then the teenage activist will likely look back on a long UN and NGO career that kicked off with one famous speech.
SNP could support Jeremy Corbyn as temporary PM to stop no-deal Brexit
The plan failed to gain cross-party support at the time, but senior figures in the SNP are concerned that Mr Johnson could defy a law forcing him to delay Brexit if there is no deal in place before 19 October.
Nicola Sturgeon, the SNP leader, suggested that Mr Corbyn could be brought in to secure the extension as leaving Mr Johnson in charge would be a "terrible idea."
"Vote of no confidence, opposition unites around someone for sole purpose of securing an extension, and then immediate general election.
"Nothing is risk free but leaving Johnson in post to force through no deal - or even a bad deal - seems like a terrible idea to me."
Veteran MPs Harriet Harman and Ken Clarke have both been named as potential figures to lead a unity government but a senior SNP source insisted it had to be the Labour leader.
The spokesperson said: "It is now possible - if the political will is there - that parties could come together to ensure that the letter to secure an extension is not left in the hands of Boris Johnson and his cronies, who are determined to find a way to get around the Benn Act, but is instead sent by a temporary caretaker prime minister, who would be in office only as long as is necessary to send the letter, with an election held immediately afterwards.
"We remain open to all options to achieve the aim of stopping a no-deal Brexit and getting rid of Boris Johnson."
Labour argued that the plan was the "simplest and most democratic way to stop no deal."
"Only a Conservative government will stand up for those who voted "No" in what was meant to be a once in a generation event."
Alan Sutherland, chief executive of Surrey's student unions said: "We became aware of the misconduct, and as investigations proceeded any individual students who were accused of committing a "major" offence as per the student disciplinary regulations were referred to a university investigation."
The Surrey University men's football club said that they "sincerely apologise" for its members actions during the Croatia tour.
Matt de Grood shouldn't be punished because of schizophrenia stigma
First, let's examine the more pessimistic side. De Grood did stab and kill five people during a psychotic break. It was a violent and unpredictable attack. He suffers from schizophrenia, which is why he was found not criminally responsible, but has since been seeing a psychiatrist and taking his medication. His psychiatrist, Dr. Santoch Rai, has said in front of the review board that "if Matthew de Grood were to commit another offence, it would be severe." Despite his perceived improvement, there is still risk of re-offense. But is this reason enough to remain afraid? Is it enough to keep de Grood locked up?
That was the case in this situation, but these instances are rare, and that's perhaps why we remember them so well when they occur. In fact, the majority of schizophrenic individuals are nonviolent, and are more likely to be the victims rather than the perpetrators of crime or violence. In light of this, it seems unreasonable to insist that de Grood be denied certain freedoms when the fear of re-offense is based more on a prejudiced attitude towards people with schizophrenia than actual likelihood.
I don't believe de Grood should ever be unsupervised permanently. A parole-like system where he has to check in to make sure he's still taking his medication could work well. Arguing that he or other mentally ill people remain institutionalized unless absolutely necessary is a form of segregation. It perpetuates the idea that mentally ill people, those with schizophrenia in particular, cannot ever mesh with society; thus continuing the stigma and perpetuating the idea that they are dangerous criminals. He was found not criminally responsible by a court of law, so why should he be treated like a prisoner instead of someone who was ill and is now better?
Hungarian PM Orban defends his candidate for EU executive, "has solutions in pocket"
Being stuck on a long-haul flight within earshot of a crying baby could be a thing of the past for passengers on Japan Airlines (JAL), after the carrier unveiled an online booking tool that indicates where toddlers will be seated.
JAL was quick to point out that the new feature did not guarantee that passengers would be out of earshot of a screaming infant.
But the move attracted praise from some social media users.
"Thank you, @JAL_Official_jp for warnings me about where babies plan to scream and yell during a 13 hour trip," Rahat Ahmed, a businessman, tweeted. "This really ought to be mandatory across the board."
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, speaking on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday, said the United States has concluded the Syrian government used chemical weapons in an attack earlier this year.
Pompeo said U.S. officials had determined Syrian President Bashar Assad's government had used chlorine in the attack on opposition forces in Idlib province on May 19.
Pompeo also called on the Assad government to release thousands of unjustly detained prisoners, including American journalist Austin Tice, who has been missing and presumed held by the government for seven years.
"He is just one of a number of American citizens held in Syria and we call upon the Syrian regime to release them all."
Shares of Tesla jumped more than 5% after Electrek, an electric vehicle news website, reported that CEO Elon Musk said the company "has a shot" at delivering 100,000 cars this quarter, which would be a new record.
The automaker is expected to report its quarterly vehicle deliveries in the next few days.
Greece: 5 deny poor women's babies sold in illegal adoptions
Police say it was one of the biggest and best-organized gangs of its kind in Europe. The continent's Europol police agency assisted the investigation.
Mike Pompeo says Syrian government used chlorine in May chemical weapon attack
"Today I am announcing that the United States has concluded that the Assad regime used chlorine as a chemical weapon on May 19," Mr Pompeo added.
Father Remains Hopeful That Suspect Who Fatally Shot Son One Year Ago Will Be Caught
"Somebody knows something, they need to say something," he said.
"Wherever this coward is, he will get caught," Alford said.
"I can assure you, this one is going to get solved," he said.
Brexit can get plenty more toxic from here
Yet European diplomats can also see that the political bedlam in the UK lends itself to delay without decisions. Lawmakers in Parliament were able to set aside their differences to tie Johnson's hands and seek an extension, but that's about all they can agree on. This is the same Parliament that rejected the former prime minister Theresa May's hard-fought Brexit deal with the EU three times. Unless there's an election - another decision on which MPs have a final say - that won't change.
There might be more optimism in Brussels if the outline of a workable deal was already sitting on a desk somewhere in the European Commission's Berlaymont headquarters. But there isn't.
And Johnson's weakness will give the 27 leaders facing him even less incentive to erase crucial red lines, despite the claim by Michael Gove, the UK minister in charge of a no-deal Brexit, that they're "shifting" on the backstop.
In an ideal world, a series of blows landing on Johnson - who is also under fire over his rhetoric in the debate over Brexit - would bring the match closer to an end. Europe should still try to extract maximum concessions from the UK, given it has no choice but to negotiate with the current government while trying to preserve unity among the rest of its 27 member states - which is going to get harder the longer this drags on. If there's a window to try yet again to put a deal before the UK parliament, the EU should grab it.
The star, which was about the same size as our sun, was seen from 375 million light years away warping and spiralling into the gravitational pull of a supermassive black hole, researchers said in the Astrophysical Journal.
It was then sucked into oblivion in a rare cosmic occurrence astronomers call a tidal disruption event.
UK business committee to probe Thomas Cook collapse
Evidence hearings will begin in mid-to-late October.
"Directors will welcome the opportunity to set the record straight and demonstrate that their conduct was always in the best interests of Thomas Cook's customers, employees and stakeholders," a person familiar with the company told Reuters.
Why The Times Published Details of the Whistle-Blower's Identity
On Thursday, The Times published exclusive details about the identity of the whistle-blower whose claims led Democrats to begin an impeachment inquiry against President Trump this week. (The article reported that the whistle-blower is a C.I.A. officer who was previously detailed to work at the White House and had expertise on Ukraine.)
Many readers, including some who work in national security and intelligence, have criticized The Times's decision to publish the details, saying it potentially put the person's life in danger and may have a chilling effect on would-be whistle-blowers.
The president and some of his supporters have attacked the credibility of the whistle-blower, who has presented information that has touched off a landmark impeachment proceeding. The president himself has called the whistle-blower's account a "political hack job."
China Says It Didn't Fight Any War Nor Invaded Foreign Land
"China has always been dedicated to resolving territorial and maritime delimitation disputes through negotiation and consultation," stated an official white paper released, four days ahead of the country set to celebrate its 70th anniversary of the leadership of the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) on October 1.
"China safeguards world peace through real actions. Over the past 70 years, China has not provoked a single war or conflict, nor invaded a single square of foreign land," the paper titled "China and the World in the New Era" said.
So far, the two countries held 21 rounds of Special Representatives talks to resolve the border dispute.
Besides the 1962 war, India and China had a major military standoff at Doklam in 2017 when the People's Liberation Army (PLA) tried to lay a road close to India"s narrow Chicken Neck corridor connecting with the North-Eastern states in an area also claimed by Bhutan.
It was finally diplomatically resolved after which both sides pulled back their troops.
"China has achieved full resolution of land border delimitation problems with 12 of its 14 neighbouring countries, and delineated the China-Vietnam maritime boundary in the Beibu Gulf," the white paper said, noting that since reform and opening up in 1978, the country has cut its armed forces "by over four million."
The two-million strong Chinese military still remain the world's largest.
Prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of India
Festivals are also at risk. The next big festival is Dussehra on 8 October, when Hindus erect giant, comic book-style effigies of Ravana, a figure from the Hindu epic The Ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin.
Burning Ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil. But given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, Ravana might have the last laugh.
Julian Assange: Private security firm 'spied on WikiLeaks founder in Ecuadorian embassy for CIA'
In April, Assange was dragged out of the embassy after being handed over to the British authorities by Ecuador.
He is accused of working with former US army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning.
Omni Air flight lands in Baltimore after declaring emergency
A telephone message left at Tulsa, Oklahoma-based Omni Air International was immediately returned Thursday night.
Why we still need Gandhi
The leaders of the world's two largest democracies need to heed the principles of a remarkable man whose 150th birthday we are currently celebrating.
And Cesar Chavez, who modeled many of his tactics on Gandhi's in leading the farmworkers" movement, traced his political awakening to a newsreel he watched at the age of 11 or 12 showing that "this half-naked man without a gun had conquered the might of the British Empire."
Modi has belonged, since he was 8 years old, to a Hindu nationalist organization known as the RSS, an ex-member of which, Nathuram Godse, assassinated Gandhi on Jan. 30, 1948. Indeed, parliamentarians from Modi's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party have heaped praise on Gandhi's killer in recent years.
And Modi's government has created an uproar by instituting a national registry of citizens and setting up detention camps in the border state of Assam to ostensibly catch noncitizens from neighboring Muslim-majority Bangladesh, a step that may end up disenfranchising and imprisoning almost 2 million people.
There was a teachable moment for the two leaders at their recent joint rally. House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer at the event quoted Gandhi's definition of democracy as "something that gives the weak the same chance as the strong."
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Acting Administrator Peter Gaynor smiles as he testifies before a Senate Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee hearing on FEMA's FY2020 budget request on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2019.
The agency has been without a Senate-confirmed administrator since March, when Brock Long left the post. Long resigned after the Department of Homeland Security, under which FEMA falls, concluded Long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between Washington and his home in North Carolina.
Man set alight on doorstep 'in targeted attack'
He is in hospital in a critical but stable condition after suffering serious burns.
Detective Chief Inspector Pauline Stables, leading the investigation, said: "This is a horrific incident which has left a man in a very poorly condition in hospital.
Vulnerable Dems air impeachment concerns to Pelosi
During the meeting, several members made clear their stance that Democrats should keep the inquiry focused on the Ukraine matter -- allegations that Trump asked the Ukrainian President to initiate an investigation into a potential 2020 political rival -- and not the other instances of potential wrongdoing detailed in the report from special counsel Robert Mueller.
Democrats are largely in agreement about the strategy, with Pelosi saying during her press conference on Thursday morning that the whistleblower complaint is "the focus of the moment."
By keeping the impeachment inquiry focused, leaders hope to keep the caucus unified -- with an eye to the moderate members who only recently joined calls for proceedings. The Ukraine matter is also relatively clear-cut and easy to explain to the public, lawmakers say. They also argue the probe, spearheaded by the intelligence committee, will be able to move faster -- possibly in the next month or two -- with a narrower scope.
Rep. Angie Craig, a vulnerable freshman Democrat from Minnesota, who said earlier this week that she supported the impeachment inquiry said after the meeting that Pelosi and Democratic leaders mostly listened to the views raised by the lawmakers.
"I'm in a district where I've been reluctant to move forward only from the perspective where I want to be disciplined, I want to look at due process and want to make sure we get all of our facts -- and this process will allow us to do that," Craig said, adding she backed a narrow probe led by the House Intelligence Committee.
Democrats will hear from constituents about their moves toward impeachment soon, with members scheduled to return to their districts for a two-week recess at the start of October. It will be the first time a swath of members from more conservative districts will receive clear, in-person feedback -- or, in some cases, blowback -- from the people they represent since they joined calls for impeachment proceedings in the wake of the Ukraine allegations earlier this week.
But Rep. Dan Kildee, a Michigan Democrat, said the timing of the recess has its upsides.
Once lawmakers return, though, movement is likely to be quick.
"The caucus is unified around the lawlessness and corruption pouring forth from the White House, and our job will be to reduce it to a set of articles of impeachment that make sense to the country," the Maryland Democrat told reporters on Thursday night. "We need a set of articles that make a compelling legal case and that tell a coherent story to the public. And if we do our job right, it will be a unifying exercise for the whole country."
Rep. Anthony Brindisi, a freshman from New York who has resisted calls for an impeachment probe, told CNN that he's "not yet" there on impeaching Trump.
More than half the members of the US House of Representatives have said they support an impeachment inquiry, according to a CNN count. However, that count includes many Democrats who say they support an impeachment investigation but are still waiting for the results of the probe before deciding whether to finally vote to impeach Trump. Even if the House could pass the vote, it likely would go nowhere in the Republican-controlled Senate, one of many reasons the issue has been politically divisive in the party.
Still there has been a surge in support -- more than 75 House members in about three days -- of launching such an inquiry as part of the fallout from Trump's July 25 call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky where he discussed former Vice President Joe Biden. There is no evidence of wrongdoing by Biden.
Trump official says lawyers had Ukraine call transcript moved to secure system
A senior Trump administration official acknowledged Friday that White House lawyers directed moving the transcript of President Trump's July phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to a highly secure system.
The whistleblower complaint, which was declassified by the Trump administration and released to the public on Thursday by the House Intelligence Committee, alleges that White House officials said they were "directed" by White House attorneys to remove the transcript of the call from the computer system where they are normally kept.
The whistleblower alleged that the transcript was kept on a different system normally used for classified information. The whistleblower also said that, according to White House officials, it was "not the first time" a presidential transcript was placed into this system in order to protect politically sensitive information and not national security-sensitive information. The complaint alleged that the White House tried to "restrict access" to records of the call.
The White House released an unclassified version of that transcript of the call on Wednesday. The memo, which does not reflect a "verbatim transcript" but is based on "notes and recollections" of those memorializing the call, shows Trump seeking assistance in investigating the Bidens.
"The other thing, there is a lot of talk about Biden's son, that Biden stopped prosecution and a lot of people want to find out about that so whatever you can do with the Attorney General would be great," he said. "Biden went around bragging that he stopped the prosecution, so if you can look into it...sounds horrible to me."
The White House lawyers" directive to move the transcript has been characterized by top Democrats as a "cover-up."
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., who was prompted by Ukraine developments this week to announce a formal impeachment inquiry into the president, called the move a "cover-up" and said it would be part of the impeachment inquiry.
Meanwhile, Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow downplayed the importance of the record-keeping details.
"A cover-up? Think about that for a moment," Sekulow said on "Fox & Friends" Friday. "The White House secured a call with the president of Ukraine? It's so secret and such a cover-up, here's the documents. This is nonsense."
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi accused U.S. Attorney General William Barr Friday of going "rogue" to protect President Donald Trump over his controversial phone call with Ukraine's leader, which has led to an impeachment inquiry.
The California Democrat's words follow a release of the complaint Thursday, which was submitted by an unidentified intelligence official to Intelligence Community Inspector General Michael Atkinson. Atkinson turned it over to national intelligence director Joseph Maguire.
"[Barr has] gone rogue," Pelosi told MSNBC Friday. "I think where they're going is a cover-up of a cover-up. I think it's sad, to have a Justice Department go so rogue. Well, they have been for a while. And now it just makes matters worse."
Also Friday, nearly 300 former U.S. foreign policy and national security officials signed a letter supporting the impeachment investigation. The coalition said Trump's actions constitute a "profound national security concern."
"We applaud those members of Congress, including Speaker Pelosi, who have started us down that necessary path," the letter states. "President Trump appears to have leveraged the authority and resources of the highest office in the land to invite additional foreign interference into our democratic process. That would constitute an unconscionable abuse of power.
"It would also represent an effort to subordinate America's national interests -- and those of our closest allies and partners -- to the president's personal political interest."
Trump has denied there was any impropriety with the phone call. Friday, he denounced the complainant and again said the call with Zelensky was a "perfect conversation"
Vice President Mike Pence also had interactions with Ukrainian leaders, the whistle-blower complaint shows, and he met with Zelensky in Poland earlier this month. He said neither Joe Biden or Hunter Biden were discussed.
"Giving compensation without an investigation or criminal accountability for the perpetrator is not true redress nor will it effectively prevent torture," said Frances Eve, deputy director of research at CHRD.
In 2018 after he held up the placard calling for Xi's resignation, he wrote online of how police stormed into his home, ordering him to write a confession letter and a statement promising he would stop.
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine
The territory is the first jurisdiction in Australia to recognize animal sentience.
"Modern animal welfare is about considering how an animal is coping both mentally and physically with the conditions in which it lives," ACT City Service Minister Chris Steel, who secured the bill, said in a media release.
Hong Kong police say student arrests at protests increase
Police public relations chief Tse Chun-chung said 207 high school and university students were detained this month alone despite the resumption of classes after the summer holiday, compared to 257 over the June-August period.
He said there was a rise in teenagers participating in violent crimes, with some already charged in court. This included a 16-year-old charged recently with arson, which carries possible a life imprisonment upon conviction, a 13-year-old girl charged with desecrating Chinese flags and others with attacking police officers and carrying dangerous weapons.
Police have approved a major rally in downtown Hong Kong on Saturday organized by the Civil Human Rights Front to mark the fifth anniversary of the start of the Umbrella Revolution, when protesters occupied key thoroughfares in the city for 79 days in 2014 to demand universal suffrage. That movement ended without any government concession.
Tse appealed to protesters to stop hijacking peaceful protests, like what happened in previous rallies when some lobbed gasoline bombs, set off street fires and vandalized public utilities. Police have responded with tear gas, water cannons, and other measures, prompting complaints from protesters that they are using excessive force.
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare
Brands such as Nescafe and Nespresso make up a sizable chunk of Nestle's powdered and liquid beverages business, which generated sales of 21.6 billion Swiss francs ($21.7 billion) in 2018. Nestle last year agreed a deal to sell Starbucks' packaged coffees and teas around the world.
A 2015 study by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer found that glyphosate was "probably carcinogenic to humans," based on "limited" evidence of cancer in humans and "sufficient" evidence of cancer in experimental animals. However, a joint panel of the WHO and the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization later concluded that glyphosate is unlikely to pose a carcinogenic risk to humans from exposure through diet.
Man guilty of killing 6 members of his extended family in Texas
A Harris County jury found Ronald Haskell, 39, guilty in the July 2014 killings of six members of the Stay family: parents Stephen Stay and Katie Stay, and children Bryan, 13, Emily, 9, Rebecca, 7 and Zach, 4.
"We are grateful for the jurors' rapt attention over the last many weeks to every piece of evidence in the case," Harris County District Attorney Kim Ogg said in a statement. "There was never a reasonable doubt that Haskell meticulously planned and carried out the slaughter of the Stay family."
Police have said that Haskell traveled from California to the Houston suburb of Spring and ambushed his ex-wife's sister, her husband and their five children in their home.
"I think he took it as best as you could expect," said Doug Durham, one of Haskell's defense attorneys, according to the station. "He was aware that this was a strong possibility."
Cassidy testified at the trial and was surrounded by family members. She appeared to be praying before the guilty verdict was read Thursday, according to KPRC.
At a 2014 memorial for her family, Cassidy thanked the community for its support and said that she was comforted knowing her parents, two brothers and two sisters are "in a much better place, and that I'll be able to see them again one day."
A BAN on advertising for e-cigarettes and vaping products, is being considered by ministers.
The First Minister has confirmed that a consultation on the move would take place in "the coming months."
Vaping - which involves inhaling a mix typically made of nicotine, water, solvents and flavours - is seen as an alternative to smoking which can help you quit, but its safety is still not entirely known.
While most patients have reported a history of using products containing THC, the psychoactive compound in cannabis, the patient who died in Georgia on Wednesday reported only "heavy nicotine vaping."
The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has more than 100 officials investigating the cause of the mystery illness, and has warned citizens against smoking e-cigarette products until more is known, particularly if modified or bought "off the street."
The First Minister has confirmed the Scottish Government was monitorigin developments in the US and elsewhere "closely," following the loss of life that has been attributed to vaping.
"The directive also limits the concentration of nicotine in e-liquids.
"In the coming months, we will consult on introducing a complete ban on the advertising and promotion of vapour products."
The court's charges on Thursday are the latest salvo in a political battle that has heated up since opposition leader Sam Rainsy announced plans to return from more than three years of exile on Nov. 9 to seek a "restoration of democracy."
Hun Sen's government seems unnerved by the planned return of opposition politicians, though the effort appears to be a quixotic one, with Sam Rainsy calling on Cambodian workers in Thailand to accompany him home in massive numbers.
Officials have vowed to arrest Sam Rainsy on his arrival, but there is speculation that Cambodia may simply bar him from entry, which could even keep him from boarding a plane to the country if airlines are officially informed of such a ban. Neighboring countries are also unlikely to allow him to enter from their territory.
Colombian artist Oscar Murillo's work "surge (social cataracts) " depicts people staring out to the North Sea, but with their view of the water and the European continent on the other side of it obscured by a dark canvas, with only a sliver of what lies beyond revealed through a slash in the canvas.
All works will be exhibited at Margate's Turner Contemporary gallery, from 28 September to 12 January 2020, and the winner of the Turner Prize 2019 will be announced at a ceremony on 3 December.
Named after 19th-century landscape painter JMW Turner, the award made stars of Grayson Perry, Damien Hirst and 12 Years a Slave director Steve McQueen.
Boccio's attorney, Kenneth Lange, said his client was convinced to take part in the scheme by co-defendant, Serge Nkorina, who's being extradited from Tenerife, Spain.
UK parliament rejects second bid for early election
Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been dealt another blow in his push for an early election in the United Kingdom.
Parliament has met for the second day since the Supreme Court ruled its suspension as unlawful.
Meanwhile, the EU's lead negotiator, Michael Barnier, says the bloc is still waiting for new plans from the UK.
US sends troops, air defense systems to Saudi Arabia to deter Iran attacks
The U.S. is sending a Patriot missile battery, four ground-based radar systems, and 200 support troops to Saudi Arabia to deter Iran's increasingly aggressive behavior, officials announced Thursday.
Esper said the deployment was a first step toward addressing Iran's increasingly violent acts in the region -- including this month's drone attack on Saudi Arabian oil facilities -- and he called on other nations to step up and condemn the attacks.
Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen claimed responsibility for the Sept. 14 attack on the world's largest oil processing plant and a major oil field, but the U.S. and Saudi Arabia blamed Iran directly. Iran has denied involvement in the attack.
"It is clear [...] that the weapons used were Iranian-produced and were not launched from Yemen," Esper said Friday, noting that all signs indicate "Iran was responsible for the attack."
In an interview with Deadline.com following the airing of Suits' finale in the US, Korsh was asked if there was "any possibility" of the former actress being asked "to do even a small cameo."
She starred as Rachel Zane in the New York-set legal drama from 2011 until her final episode aired last year.
In the final series, Rachel's onscreen husband Mike Ross, played by Patrick J Adams, paid a visit from Seattle and was asked how Rachel was getting on.
Pit bull dies of snake bites while protecting Florida boys
Richardson says the snake bit Zeus four times. The dog was rushed to a veterinarian but he died a day after the attack.
Germany reports landmark case of West Nile virus
Authorities are reporting the first known human case of West Nile virus transmitted by mosquitoes in Germany, a development apparently hastened by climate change.
The national disease control and tropical medicine centers said Friday the person developed encephalitis but recovered after hospital treatment.
Jonas Schmidt-Chanasit of Germany's Bernhard Nocht Institute tropical medicine center said that "the unusually warm summers of the last two years, triggered by climate change, apparently have contributed to WNV establishing itself north of the Alps."
The Royal Marsden study involved 1,400 men being treated for prostate cancer.
A radio host in New Orleans said he received an anti-gay slur, sent to him from the radio station's Twitter account. On Wednesday, WWL host Seth Dunlap, who is openly gay, said he planned to sue the station's parent company after working for years in a homophobic and hostile workplace. In a strange turn of events Thursday, the New Orleans Police Department said the homophobic tweet sent to Dunlap came from none other than Dunlap's phone.
In a statement, Dunlap said 14 people had access WWL's Twitter account. He claimed he was not one of the people with access to the account.
WWL Radio, which is a CBS News Radio affiliate but is owned by Entercom, said in a statement it had investigated the tweet and decided to refer the matter to law enforcement officials. "WWL has completed its investigation into the highly offensive, unauthorized tweet sent from WWL's Twitter account on September 10, which directed a homophobic slur at Seth Dunlap," said WWL Radio in a statement.
The New Orleans Police Department opened their investigation into the tweet and in a police report Thursday revealed a twist in the story: The homophobic slur was allegedly sent from Dunlap's personal cellphone.
Radio host Seth Dunlap claimed he worked in a homophobic and hostile workplace for years. After allegedly receiving a tweet with an anti-gay slur from the radio station's Twitter, he threatened to sue.
WWL accused Dunlap of threatening the station for money, NOLA.com reports. WWL alleged the 35-year-old radio host said he would "scorch the earth" over the tweet and then demanded over $1.8 million in compensation. According to a police report obtained by NOLA.com, WWL said Dunlap made this threat when he was facing personal financial issues.
Viola Davis discusses playing Michelle Obama in 'First Ladies'
"It's like, 'You raised a great kid, but you messed up Michelle Obama,'" she jokingly added.
Davis said, however, that she's confident about the script, written by author Aaron Cooley. Davis and Cooley will also executive produce the show.
"It's going to be a great script, I promise," Davis said. "Listen, I don't want to make my people mad."
Mac Miller death: Third man charged with drug offences
Ryan Reavis, 36, who was arrested in Lake Havasu City, Arizona, this week is accused of serving as Walter's "runner," who delivered the pills to Pettit.
Walter, who is on supervised release over a 2005 drug case, remains in custody.
A Pittsburgh native whose real name was Malcolm James Myers McCormick, Miller's lyrics included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hip-hop.
He was also in a two-year relationship with Ariana Grande that ended earlier in 2018. After his death she posted an affectionate video of him on her Instagram page and released a song, Thank U Next, that lovingly mentioned him.
Woman STRIPS TO NOTHING in Walmart to prove she didn't steal
A woman accused of shoplifting at a Walmart in Mexico City took drastic measures to prove her innocence, stripping stark naked in the middle of the supermarket as a stunned security guard looked on.
In a video of the incident, filmed at the Tepeyac Walmart branch in Mexico City earlier this week, a security guard can be seen approaching a woman apparently suspected of theft as she neared the store's exit. Her reaction once she was stopped, however, left the watchman speechless.
The birthday-suited shopper's identity remains unknown, though she appears to have been allowed to leave the premises after the impromptu peep show.
West Bengal Government Plans To Set Up Museum At Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar's House
Kolkata:
West Bengal government has plans to set up a museum at the north Kolkata house of 19th century social reformer Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar where he had spent the last few years of his life, state minister Partha Chatterjee said.
The museum will come up at Vidyasagar's residence at Badur Bagan area where pictures and models, chronicling his life from his birth place at Birsinghapur village in Paschim Medinipur district to the house in north Kolkata, will be put on display, he said on Thursday.
Mr Chatterjee, who is the education minister, said this at a function after inaugurating "Vidyasagar Academy" at the Badur Bagan residence on the 200th birth anniversary celebrations of the educational and social reformer.
Some items used by Vidyasagar, gathering dust in the storeroom of the house, will be brought out for public viewing at the museum.
This will help the present generation to know about the man, who had waged a war against women oppression and propagated widow remarriage, he said.
Listing other activities to be taken up by the academy, Mr Chatterjee said that a collection of hitherto unknown writings by Vidyasagar will be published.