Suzuki Nana, 2nd place in the ranking of disliked women, talks about her various gaffes, such as extremely rude body touching (The Television) - Yahoo!News
View photos: Leaving the whole studio speechless?
When Suzuki demonstrates the body touching she had done to other big-name costars in the past, the whole studio is shocked at the level of rudeness.
Immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full version of the lesson and the comedy research lab will be available to stream.
Setouchi city adds original "digital gift certificate" to gift incentives for hometown tax donors: Sanyo News Digital, San-digi
Digital gift certificate "eMachiGift".
Payment can be made by touching with the designated device
It can be used at all member stores in the city starting in November.
The gift certificate is displayed on the screen when a product is purchased, and the store taps a stamp-like designated device to make the payment transaction.
It can be easily used by tourists.
In addition to the five hometown tax donation portal sites, the city also accepts donation at two dedicated sites.
The hometown tax donations to the city of Setouchi in the fiscal year 2018 came out to be about 430 million yen.
Japanese stars fail to advance to the men's 100m final on the second day of the World Athletics Championships | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
Sani Brown Hakim (left) starting in the men's 100m semifinal.
Not making it to the finals; Doha (Kyodo News)
Kiryu Yoshihide (left) finishing the men's 100m semifinal.
Doha Kyodo News: The second day of the World Athletics Championships was held in Doha on the 28th, where, running in the men's 100m semifinal, Sani Brown Hakim (University of Florida), Koike Yuki (Sumitomo Electric) and Kiryu Yoshihide (Nippon Life Insurance Company) all missed out on the opportunity to be the first Japanese athlete to advance to the final.
Sani Brown, the Japanese record holder, finished 5th in the 1st heat with a time of 10.15 seconds, Koike finished 7th in the 2nd heat with a time of 10.28 seconds, and Kiryu came in 6th in the 3rd heat with a time of 10.16 seconds.
In the semifinal of the men's 400m hurdles, Abe Takatoshi (Yamada Denki) ran the 3rd heat and finished 3rd at a time of 48.97 seconds, while Toyoda Masayuki (Hosei University) ran the 2nd heat and finished 8th at a time of 50.30 seconds, leading to both of them missing out on a place in the final.
Many accidents occurring when young people press the wrong pedal (Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo!News
Actions that violate the road traffic act
It is clear when you think about the basics of safe pedal operation.
This is considered to be dangerous.
Toyota to make Subaru an equity method affiliate as they gear up joint development on new AWD cars and the next 86/BRZ models (Response) - Yahoo!News
Toyota will acquire additional Subaru shares, while turning it into an affiliated company accounted for by the equity method.
Subaru will become an equity method affiliate of Toyota.
US to cut number of refugee admissions for third consecutive year New record low at 18,000 Shizuoka Shimbun @S
[Washington, Kyodo] The number of refugees the United States will admit from the world in the fiscal year 2020 (10/2019-9/2020) will be cut to 18,000 at the most, the US state department announced on the 26th.
This marks the lowest refugee cap for the third consecutive year since the enactment of the Refugee Act in 1980.
Looking ahead to next year's presidential election, the Trump administration aims to appeal to conservatives with strict immigration/refugee policies.
For the fiscal year 2017, the Obama administration set a cap at 110,000, and the Trump administration subsequently cut that to 50,000, after taking office in January 2017.
It has reduced the refugee cap each year, setting it at 45,000 for the fiscal year 2018 and 30,000 for the fiscal year 2019.
Opportunistic price hikes at unlicensed child care facilities The Free Childcare Subsidy Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare issues investigation -- Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Digital Edition
According to the Ministry, multiple facilities have been confirmed raising enrollment fee only for children age three and older who would qualify for the subsidy, or raising prices starting in October.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare stated that "there should not be price increases for no reason."
D-8: The torch of the 100th national athletics championships is lit on the Liancourt Rocks - Korea (Central News Japanese version) - Yahoo!News
The torch signalling the 100th national athletics championships was lit on the easternmost tip of the Liancourt Rocks (Dokdo, Japanese name: Takeshima).
On the 26th at 6:30am, Seoul held a torch-lighting ceremony for the national athletics championships on the helipad of the Liancourt Rocks Garrison in Ulleung County, North Gyeongsang Province.
Vice-chairman Kim declared, "We stand here today on Dokdo to honour the strong will of people's self-determination as we remember 99 years of the national athletics championships," and continued by saying, "100 years ago saw us make glorious history as we proclaimed independence during the March 1st Movement and then established the government of the Republic of Korea, and I would like to add the 100 years of the national athletics championships to that history."
This was followed by a speech from the head of Ulleung County.
Thereupon Vice-chairman Kim and County Head Kim lit the torch together.
Commander Ho Won-seok, who has been working on the Liancourt Rocks since January, said, "It's lonely and hard work, but I am working with pride because not just anyone can protect our territory," and went on to say, "I am honoured to be able to participate as a torch relay runner on Dokdo as we celebrate the 100th anniversary of the national athletics championships."
The torch relay began on the 22nd at Chamseongdan Altar on Ganghwa-do.
The torch from Chamseongdan Altar on Mount Manisan will go around Incheon, Goyang and Suwon.
Korea-Bulgaria summit meeting leads to talk of further cooperation on issues such as nuclear power and defence industry (Yonhap News Agency) - Yahoo!News
Also present during the discussion were Seung Yun-mo, Minister of Commerce, Industry and Resources; Yi Ho-sun, economic secretary general of the Blue House (the presidential palace); and Kim Hyun-jung, second deputy of the national security office.
Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha was visiting the US, so Cho Se-young, a vice-minister from the foreign ministry, attended on her behalf.
In October 1986, the company merged with Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd. and took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd., changing to its current trade name and moving its head office to the current location in the process.
Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, announced on September 25th that it will acquire 25,3000 square meters of land (in the City's Arado-cho) adjacent to the construction site for the roadside station "Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama" which will open next spring.
Two finalist games will be played on September 28th, the seventh day of the Autumn Fukui Prefectural Hokushinetsu Regional High School Baseball Tournament held at the Fukui Prefectural Baseball Stadium.
It is an important game from which the winner will get a ticket to the Hokushinetsu Tournament.
It will be a face off between the only remaining seeded school, Tsurugakehi, and Hokuriku.
Tsuruga won a close battle against Fukui Commercial in the quarterfinals, and will clash with Usui who has ridden momentum through this tournament.
Tsurugakehi, who will appear in the first match, has advanced up until now by winning entirely called games.
In the second match against Takefu Technical, Kasashima Naoki, who participated in Koshien this summer, took the mound showing the presence of an ace with 5 no-run innings and 9 strikeouts.
Their opponent, Hokuriku, is gaining momentum with each successive match.
They have been engaged in both hitting and pitching and in this flow they want to get the ticket to Hokushinetsu.
[Team Introduction] Hokuriku -- A batting lineup of hidden explosive power
Tsuruga, appearing in the second match, won playing defensive baseball centered on the battery.
In the first round against Wakasa the pitcher held out, winning with the least number of allowed runs.
In the second round against Takefu there were 2 runs allowed.
In the quarterfinals it was a close 10-9 battle against the seeded school Fukui Commercial, but defeating the high-ability school likely strengthened their confidence.
[Team Intrduction] Tsuruga -- Chance for victory in the battery
Meanwhile, Usui defeated the seeded school Fukui Tech University Fukui in the first round.
Riding the momentum, after a rough progression, one stroke of the fourth batter won a comeback victory in the match against Kanazu.
The center-lineup hitters will be a focus in the semifinals as well with the coach also remarking "they have destructive power."
[Team Introduction] Usui -- Destructive power in the center hitters
Semifinals (September 28th)
Tsurugakehin -- Hokuriku (10AM)
Canoe: Japan team loses advancement to semifinals Paid Article
BITPoint to resume service after losing crypto assets valued at 3 billion yen (Gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo!News
Managing company BITPoint Japan Co., Ltd. announced that they will resume their cryptocurrency sending (remittance) service on September 30th.
BITPoint Japan Co., Ltd., which operates the cryptocurrency exchange BITPoint, announced on September 27th that they plan to resume their cryptocurrency sending (remittance) service on Monday, September 30th around 2pm.
"Messi the Second" from Israel signs with the ninth club of his career (SPORT.es) - Yahoo!News
The team, whose colours are blue and white, are currently fifth in the league.
Gai Assulin made his professional debut with Barça in the 2009/10 season when he was just 18 and a half, playing against Cultural Leonesa in the Copa del Rey.
From Manchester City, he moved to Brighton and Hove Albion (on loan from City), then Racing de Santander, Hércules, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell and Kairat Almaty, and now Poli Iași is the new club giving the Israeli-born midfielder the opportunity for a fresh start in his career.
35% of local governments independently strengthens safety measures of Family Support Center Programs As childcare scheduled to become free of charge Shizuoka Shimbun @S
On the 27th, a private survey said 35% of municipalities implementing "Family Support Center Programs," where the government matches parents who want to leave their children temporarily and support members who keep them at private homes, strengthened their own safety measures.
Before the programs become subject to provide free, early childhood education/childcare in October, surviving families of childcare accidents have complained that the government should set strict standards.
"Network to Eliminate Serious Childcare Accident", a group formed by parents who lost their children at daycares and specialists, surveyed 921 local governments.
274 local governments answered.
The implementation guideline released by the government only requires support members to attend an emergency first aid course.
Darvish reflects on the season: "It's on a whole other level than anything that's come before" (Tokyo Sports Web) - Yahoo!News
Published in St. Louis, Missouri on the 27th (28th local Japan time)
Darvish started in 31 games this season, with six wins, eight losses and an ERA of 3.98, with 178 2/3 innings pitched and 229 strikeouts.
Although he has not reached a final conclusion, it seems his feelings are firm.
Shibuno Hinako receives a cow
Blake Windred (Australia) started off in the lead position and played a 71, with five birdies and four bogies.
He defended his place with a total of 10 under.
In second place with a 1-stroke difference, are Yonezawa Ren (second year at Tohoku Fukushi University) who marked 67 with 6 birdies and 1 bogie, and Lee Jun-min (Korea).
Among other Japanese players, Katsuragawa Yuto (third year at Nihon University), who started off in ninth place, played a 70, moving him up to fifth place.
Kanaya Takumi (third year at Tohoku Fukushi University), current number one in the amateur world rankings after successive championships, and Nakajima Keita (first year at Nippon Sport Science University) both finished 12th with a total of three under.
Yoshihara Hidetoshi (UCLA) was 16th with two under.
Aoshima Kengo (Wake Forest University) was 59th with nine over, just barely managing to qualify.
Japan's results on the second day: Yonezawa Ren 2T/-9, Katsuragawa Yuto 5T/-5, Kanaya Takumi, Nakajima Keita 12T/-3, Yoshihara Hidetoshi 16T/-2, Aoshima Kengo 59/+9
<Torrential Rains in Saga: The Circle of Support> Famous ramen "Taromen" handed out at evacuation center gives boost to operation staff and evacuees | Town Topics| Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
The "Taromen Management Council" (Represented by Suzuyama Kensuke) which is an affiliate of shops that serve Omachi Town's famous ramen, "Taromen," handed out "Taromen" on the night of the 25th at the Town Misato General Welfare Center which has become a evacuation site for victims of the torrential rains.
"The only thing we can do is make and serve Taromen."
Four eateries that have Taromen on their menu participated by making 90 servings, which they delivered to the evacuation site along with rice balls.
"I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been a year since I've eaten it. I remember the past," said one man (age 66) and 20 and 22-year-old siblings who had just moved in one year ago said "This was our first time having it. It's tasty. Next time we'd like to to go to eat it at a restaurant."
One year since Iburi Eastern Earthquake -- Installation of "water taps" connected directly to water pipes to ensure water access even in power outages continues in Hakodate apartments : Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Digital Edition
Water supply systems for residential buildings can be divided broadly into two types: "water tank type" which stores water in a tank either on the roof or underground, and "direct type" which connects each unit with water directly from the city water pipes.
Search and rescue training (Aomori) (Aomori Broadcasting Corporation) - Yahoo!News
At the opening ceremony, Chief Tsukida of Gonohe Police Station called for "tight cooperation in the training exercise".
Nishijima Hidetoshi drunk at drinking party with the team from Ninkyo Gakuen?
Fantastic teamwork displayed during the speech on opening night (Movie Walker) - Yahoo!News
The opening night speech for Ninkyo Gakuen, a big screen adaptation from Konno Bin's popular "Ninkyo" series of novels, took place on September 27th at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku, and Nishijima Hidetoshi, Nishida Toshiyuki, Ito Atsushi, Nakao Akira and director Kimura Hisashi all took to the stage.
A snapshot of the opening night speech for Ninkyo Gakuen
Nishida plays the strong yet likeable boss, while Nishijima plays his faithful number two, Himura, who is always being exploited by the boss.
"The whole cast was a very close-knit team, not just on set, but even after filming, we often met and talked about all kinds of things," he said of the strong bond between cast members.
Prefectural Fisheries Cooperative Chairman Nozaki "opening the discussion for move towards full-scale operation," Remarks also on discouraging ocean release -- Iwaki Minpo Official Homepage
After the conclusion of the meeting, Chairman Nozaki met with reporters and emphasized that the period for starting full-scale operations is undecided.
The City Fisheries Association says they will reach a conclusion after the affiliated branch offices come together to hold a board meeting and have resolved each issue one by one.
"We have to have this discussion not only with fishing personnel, but also with the wholesale buyers," said Soma Futaba Fisheries Association Chairman Tachiya Hiroharu.
Karatsu Tobacco Sales Association's on-the-street action for improving driving and smoking manners | Town Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
An Association member appealing to motorists to drive safely -- In front of Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Higashijonai, Karatsu City
On the 26th, in conjunction with the "Autumn Prefectural Traffic Safety Campaign," the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative held an on-the-street campaign in front of the Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Higashijonai, Karatsu City.
Only a thin line between beauty and ugliness?
what is the image of a "snake" that overlaps with the beautiful girls in the work of Umezu Kazuo? (Magmix) - Yahoo!News
Umezu Kazuo's Beautiful Girls Collection (Genkosha) was released in August 2019, and this book focuses on beautiful girls drawn by Umezu, who is perhaps best known as the leading author of horror manga, and has released many works into the world since the 1950s.
Beautiful girls from Umezu Kazuo's work (5 images)
Some people in the world like reptiles, while others simply can't stand them.
In the same way, a snake is an animal where beauty and ugliness are two sides of the same coin, depending on the emotions of the viewer.
Stories that take snakes as their subject are "The Snake Girl" and "Spotted Girl" from the 1965 "Mummy is Scary!" series.
Generally it is a beautiful woman with a dark secret that becomes a "snake woman".
Seven international students from Xavier High School pay a visit to the mayor, Sanyo-Onoda | Ube Nippo Town Media Web
The students (aged 15-17) came to Japan from various Asian countries last month, as part of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology's Asia Kakehashi Project.
A Turkish boy will spend 10 months at the school while staying with a host family.
Deputy Minister Yamamoto deletes Tweet about meal the night before explaining cause of helicopter crash | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
Yamamoto has been elected to the lower house four times in the Southern Kanto proportional representation elections.
According to the surveys of NPOs and other organizations, this year there are roughly 3,700 active locations.
This is a sudden 1.6 times increase compared to 2018, and within Fukui prefecture there are 24 locations, an increase of nine locations from last year.
Social activist and NPO chairman Yuasa Makoto spoke about the background and significance at a lecture held in Sakai City.
With the declining birthrate and aging of the population areas are becoming desolate and shopping streets are declining.
Variety of locations ranging from those that provide meals once a month to those that provide meals daily.
A mood is growing that people who want to do it, can do it.
Nonetheless, "by interacting with many people your views on values change." "A connection with society becomes a security net in times of misfortune" Yuasa said.
From the first round Tsurugakehi, a seeded school, won in three successive called games.
The battling lineup was performing well with 13 hits, and the hope is to support the pitchers in the finals as well.
The last spot remaining for participating in the Hokushinetsu Tournament will be decided in the Hokuriku v. Usui game for third place.
In the opening of the semifinal match, Hokuriku's base running and bunts were disorganized, but they hope to get back on their feet in the match for third place.
All eyes are on whether they can win for Hokushinetsu at this third-place deciding match.
Games for September 29th
Prefectural Baseball Stadium: Third-place deciding match Hokuriku v. Usui (10AM) Final match Tsurugakehi v. Tsuruga (1PM) *Times are the scheduled start times
Usui under Tsuruga at the Autumn Hokushinetsu for the first time in 21 years
Japan Basketball: women advance to Asia Cup finals Paid Article
Comedy duo "Himekoron" won "Sharp PR-1 Grand-prix" on 27th in Osaka
The final was held at Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
Approximately 250 spectators watched the top 4 out of about 200 duos compete.
The winner "Himekoron" is a young comedy duo that has frequently promoted Sharp products at a mass retail store in Ehime prefecture.
In addition to the NBA logo featured on the heel and tongue of the shoes, satin fabric is used at the rear of the upper, and this is also the first time the Nike Swoosh has featured a bicoloured design.
It is interesting to note that the tongue of the shoe, that would usually bear the brand logo, has also been changed to the word "SWOOSH".
The true culprit that attacked a Saudi oil facility by drone (FRIDAY) - Yahoo!News
It also has the advantage of being difficult to detect on radar because it flies close to the ground." (Yokota Toru, press photographer)
Immediately afterwards, the Yemeni rebel group, the Houthi movement, issued a statement claiming that they were behind the attack.
Some say that if the situation continues, there will be another oil crisis.
The reason a super unique YouTuber became a full-time company employee.
Asking the company president who hired them (bizSPA!
What exactly does it mean to "employ a YouTuber"?
We spoke with Kobayashi Yuki, DmMiX CEO and also representative of the subsidiary company Staff First, which actually employs YouTubers.
Kobayashi Yuki (hereafter "Kobayashi"): These days the job of "YouTuber" is the dream of many young people.
The environmental girl "fighting for a safe future" inspires protests around the world for the second consecutive week | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
Greta Thunberg (centre) participating in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th (Reuters, Kyodo News)
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on the 27th.
Mr. Trudeau, who has always been keen to tackle global warming, participated in the demonstration march.
"I hope South Korea returns to GSOMIA" says the deputy assistant US secretary of state (Sankei Newspaper) - Yahoo!News
It is unprecedented for a senior US official to refer to something like reconsidering the decision to abolish the GSOMIA.
Knapper asserted that, "Without the GSOMIA, it won't be possible to respond effectively to a crisis."
The secretary also recognized the threat after China and Russia conducted a joint flight training exercise over the Sea of Japan in July, a "first in history", and appealed that, "The US, Korea and Japan share values such as democracy and human rights, and it is imperative that we operate together in an alliance."
He pointed out that the recent souring in Japan-Korea relations would "hurt the US national interest".
(Hirata Yusuke)
Tokai Nuclear Accident 30th marks 20 years, 300 cases of trouble at nuclear facilities -- Hokkaido Shimbun, Doshin Digital Edition
The Nuclear Regulation Authority revealed on the 28th that over 336 accidents and breakdowns have been reported at nuclear power related facilities nationwide up until 2018 since 2000, the year after the Nuclear Criticality Accident in Tokai town, Ibaraki Prefecture, caused the first fatality due to exposure in the history of nuclear power in Japan.
Donate Here - Expressing the heart of Fukui
As the same city that produced Kako Satoshi and Iwasaki Chihiro, the city aims to utilize picture books to promote development.
Muneta was drawn to the Awara City legend, "The Daughter-in-law's Demon Mask."
In the story, when her mother-in-law is unable to remove a demon mask, a kind daughter-in-law is not frightened by the mask and without worrying repeats Buddhist chants to help her mother-in-law.
The deadline is October 25th.
Fukui Shimbun is providing an information outlet and Fukui Bank is assisting with management support.
Rugby lesson aimed at children in Niigata (Niigata Prefecture) (TeNY TV Niigata) - Yahoo!News
Shoppers rush to buy before sales tax increase Special sales at retail stores in Okayama prefecture: Sanyo Shimbun Digital, San-Digi
On the 28th, the last weekend before the sales tax increases from 8% to 10%, families crammed in last-minute shopping sprees at electronic stores and supermarkets in Okayama prefecture.
"Even if it's only 2%, you can't overlook the difference when you are buying an expensive item," said an Okayama businessman, 37, who was in the store to buy a refrigerator.
Haruyama Shoji (Omotemachi, Okayama city), a suit store, has a sale entitled, "The biggest liquidation sale before tax increase".
Coats have been on sale since early September, one month earlier than usual, and sales are 10% higher compared to the same month last year.
Time Takaya store (Kaneki, Naka-ku, Okayama city), a hardware store, has a special section with bulk detergent and tissue paper near the entrance.
Sales of everyday items grew 1.6 times compared to the same month last year, "We restock them many times a day, otherwise they would run out," said Shimizu Seiya, the store manager.
Best Manager of the Year 2019 Klopp praises his biggest rival as the "greatest manager" (SPORT.es) - Yahoo!News
He also mentioned Pochettino and Tottenham.
The special edition models were developed on the concept of "CRAFTED".
I want to use Sidecar!
(See all images) Release of macOS Catalina may be on October 4th?
The words "From October 4th (fra den 4. oktober)" are clearly in the image.
As it is the official site, the accuracy of the information also would seem to be high.
Sakura shrimp born this year successfully photographed under the deep sea of Suruga Bay, off the coast of Kambara, Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka city on the 11th (Photo provided by "Yui Sakura Shrimp Project")
About 300 shrimp were confirmed in a 17 minute span.
While the adult is about 40 mm, the shrimp photographed were about 23 mm long.
The spawning season was calculated by comparing the seasonal data of landed Sakura shrimp.
Typhoon-ravished Mother Farm reopens, offering free entry to Chiba residents until end of October | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
Chiba Prefecture's mascot character, Chiba-kun, welcomes visitors to Mother Farm after operations have resumed, Futtsu, Chiba Prefecture on the morning of the 28th
In order to lift the mood in the disaster-hit area, Chiba residents can enjoy free admission until the end of October.
All-Hokkaido Go top four decided : Hokkaido Shimbun, Doshin Digital Edition
Those who continued on to the semifinals are Asano Tetsuya (48) from the Sapporo area, Takuma Hideyuki (52) also from the Sapporo area, Tomita Takuji (72) from the Asahikawa area, and Takasusuki Mamoru (75) from the Kitami area.
Last year's champion, Takasusuki Kazuya (49), lost by a half point in the quarterfinals to Asano, who boasts eight championships, the most ever in the tournament.
The youngest participant in the tournament's history, Shinoda Yuya (8) from the Sapporo area, was defeated in the first round to last year's semi-finalist, Arai Kazutoyo (75) from the Obihiro area.
The All-Hokkaido Go semi-final and final rounds will be held from 1:30PM on the 29th.
The 26th All-Hokkaido Womens' Go Championship will be held starting at 10AM.
The venue for both is Hokkaido Shimbun Co. (Odori Nishi 3)
<Men's Singles> (Bado x Supi!
Here, while looking back at May to August which started the first half of the Olympic race for a spot in the Tokyo Olympics, we look forward to the men's' singles in the upcoming mid-way games (September through December). (Text/Badminton Magazine editorial department)
In the first half, the two athletes who were able to stay in promising condition were Momota Kento, who won 2 of the 4 tournaments, and Chou Tien-chen from Taiwan.
Though this number is small compared to other top athletes, it is a schedule that puts less strain on his body.
Ace of Taiwan, strong in consecutive matches.
Until last year Chou Tien-chen gave an impression of lacking in explosive power, but since this year there has been an increased sense of stability in his plays and he has been able to maintain solid good performance.
Other athletes besides these two that showed results in the first-half games were the young Thai ace, Kantaphon, and India's B. Sai Praneeth.
He still has some rough spots, but the twenty year-old (will turn twenty-one on the 18th) who has grown able to rally equally with top athletes could be said to be a force hiding a large potential to jump into the Olympic race.
Also, B. Sai Praneeth has stepped out of India, which has many strong singles players.
Sameer Verma, Prannoy H.S., and Srikanth Kidambi who is lagging due to an injury, are likely to catch up, and we should turn our attention to the Indian athletes in from mid-games forward.
New fees for mobile phones: lowering rates in fair competition -- Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Digital Edition
However, they generally remained high.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga Yoshihide remarked last summer that "there is margin for a 40% reduction," and despite heightened expectations that rates would fall, no price competition occurred.
However, devices from both companies were outfitted with "SIM locks" that made them unable to use other companies' networks for 100 days.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications pointed to a policy that would mandate immediate release of SIM locks.
Companies must also respond promptly.
Rakuten's postponement was due to the preparation of base stations and communication networks not proceeding as planned.
The launch time and rate for full-scale service have not yet been disclosed.
The current fee revision was spurred by Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga's remarks.
To prevent damage from bank-transfer fraud, three Shinyo Kinko Banks in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinyo Kinko, Kitaise Ueno Shinyo Kinko, and Kihoku Shinyo Kinko) announced on the 26th that a reduction has been decided for the limit for withdrawals made by ATM card.
The maximum monetary amount that can withdrawn in a single day will become 500,000 yen for depositors aged 70 or older possessing an ATM card from Kuwana Mie, Kitaise Ueno or Kihoku Shinyo Kinko Banks who have not made a withdrawal over a certain amount at an ATM (Automated Teller Machine) in the last three years.
Kuwana Mie Shinyo Kinko and Kita Ise Ueno Shinyo Kinko Banks will implement the reduction on October 1st, Kihoku Shinyo Kinko on November 1st.
Within the prefecture, there have been repeated incidents of fraudulent ATM withdrawals made with ATM cards and pin numbers fraudulently acquired through false impersonation of financial institutions or law enforcement personnel, and a member of Shinyo Kinko stated "we want to protect the precious savings of our customers in any way within our means."
Yokozuna Kakuryu and others transfer to Mutsu stable after sudden passing of stablemaster Izutsu Shizuoka Shimbun @S
3 wrestlers, including Yokozuna Kakuryu, and a hairstylist have been approved to transfer to Mutsu stable from Izutsu stable due to the sudden passing of stablemaster Izutsu (former Sekiwake Sakahoko), the Japan Sumo Association announced on the 27th.
Mutsu stable and Izutsu stable both belong to the Tokitsukaze clan.
In Mutsu stable, there are 12 wrestlers at the time of the autumn tournament, including Kakuryu's fellow Mongolian, Juryo Kirimayama.
Rugby World Cup: Scuffling and instant sending off, US player's tackle that risked danger to the face causes ripples overseas as a "sneaky and disrespectful play" (The Answer) - Yahoo!News
During the Rugby World Cup in Japan on the 26th, America, the last of the 20 nations to play, lost to England 7-45.
Actual footage of the incident was shared by overseas media outlets, and a former England player complained that is was a "sneaky and disrespectful play" and that it "couldn't even be called a tackle".
It occurred in the 29th minute of the second half, with the score at 0-38.
Farrell was sent flying and fell to the ground.
He left the pitch with an ashamed look on his face, but there was booing from some corners of the audience who expect fair play.
In New Zealand, a rugby powerhouse, local media outlet Stuff led with the headline "Rugby World Cup 2019: USA player sent off for cheap shot as England cruise to victory".
The article featured comments from commentator and former England player, Ugo Monye.
However, Quill's play left behind a bad taste.
On September 26th the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare announced for the first time the names of 424 hospitals that have been deemed "of poor medical practice" out of 1455 public hospitals including Japanese Red Cross, and other government-run hospitals nationwide.
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry inspected the medical practice of 14 public and government-run hospitals and targeted the following four facilities: National Hospital Organization Awara Hospital in Awara City, Sakai Municipal Mikuni Hospital, Oda Hospital in Echizen Town and Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Takahama Town.
The idea is that requests for full-scale examinations of the reorganization and consolidation of the targeted hospitals be made in October, with conclusions provided by September of next year.
Targeted hospitals made up 29.1% of the total, and many were hospitals that had a comparatively low number of beds.
In order, Nigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%) and Okayama (43.3%) had the highest percentages by prefecture.
By target numbers Hokkaido had the highest with 54, while Okinawa was the only with zero.
Of public and government-run hospitals, the Ministry surveyed 1455 hospitals capable of handling "highly acute stage" for severely ill patients and "acute stage" for general surgery based on 2017 data.
Targeted hospitals will be asked to consider actions such as abolishing or moving parts of some departments to other hospitals.
For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has set a goal to reduce the number of hospital beds nationwide from 1,246,000 (2018) to 1,191,000.
Hypothesizing Komagatake eruption, first prefecture comprehensive disaster prevention training in 18 years spreads with residents participation (Video): Hokkaido Shimbun, Digital Edition
A disaster prevention training drill hypothesizing the eruption of Komagatake (1131 meters) was held on September 27th in Mori, Nanae and Shikabe towns in the Oshima jurisdiction.
The roughly 400 participants included residents and employees of 20 organizations including the prefecture and the three towns.
The assumption was that Komagatake would erupt at 8:45 AM, and that mudflow would reach towns at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption alert level was raised to level five (evacuation), evacuation shelters were opened for both Mori and Nanae towns and residents were transported by Hokkaido prefectural police vehicles or busses prepared by each town.
100,000 students skip school to call for stronger measures to combat global warming at climate demo in Vancouver (Minkei Local News Network) - Yahoo!News
Approximately 100,000 citizens, the majority of them students, who sympathise with 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Thunberg, took to marching through Vancouver on September 27th, in a bid to fight climate change.
On the final day, the 27th, a school strike was organised as "Fridays for Future".
The movement of live, vaccinated pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted within the area, but the distribution of meat and processed products outside the area is permitted.
Since the outbreak last September, Japan's status as a free country has been suspended.
In principle, the movement of live, vaccinated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, carcasses and excrement is restricted within the area.
Free agent Honda Keisuke approaches Man U publicly!
The astonishing truth is revealed
So why did Honda make this spectacular request to one of the Premier League's most powerful clubs?
The answer lies in an article published by the Australian version of FOX Sports on the 24th.
Honda was named, along with players such as Hatem Ben Arfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfried Bony.
United is currently in a state of emergency after a spate of injuries to their players, including midfielder Paul Drogba, defender Luke Shaw, defender Eric Bailly, forward Anthony Martial and forward Marcus Rashford.
The "Red Devils", who are managed by Ole Gunnar Solskjær, have had a difficult start to the league with only two wins and 22 losses, and are facing issues in the quality of their frontline.
It goes on to say that his nine goals scored in 18 games with Melbourne Victory was a "solid record", but points out that "Honda, 33, has to step away from his pastime of managing the Cambodian national team to earn full attention."
Will Honda's approach bear any fruit?
It will be interesting to see if United make a move for the veteran who has declared it his aim to take part in next year's Tokyo Olympics.
Currently, the lending locations include 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 accommodation facilities, and 134 others.
Naka-ku, Hamamatsu city accounts for 60%.
It can be accessed from the website of Lake Hamana Sightseeing Area.
"Hopefully, this will lead to new foreign customer development despite of the difficult business environment," the Chamber of Commerce spokesperson said.
In his 7th year of professional golf, the 24-year-old has a diminutive stature at 1.66m, but he is currently seventh in terms of driving distance (hitting an average of 304.02 yards).
"It can be used for holes where the line of sight is downhill."
Apparently, the trick is to "swing the club level".
First ice of winter at Tatamidaira, Mount Norikura (Gifu Newspaper Web) - Yahoo!News
The first ice observed this winter at Lake Tsurugaike, Tatamidaira, Mount Norikura on the morning of the 27th, Nyukawa-cho, Takayama (photo provided by the Norikura Skyline Management Office)
On the 27th, the first ice of winter was observed at Lake Tsurugaike, Tatamidaira, Mount Norikura in the Northern Alps (Nyukawa-cho, Takayama, Gifu Prefecture, 2,702m above sea level).
The ice is four days later than last year, but one day earlier than the average for the past 10 years.
According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, a member of its staff who was patrolling the roads around 6:25am spotted ice around 2mm thick on the west side of Lake Tsurugaike.
According to the Gifu Regional Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5° in Mumaya, Showakawa-cho, Takayama.
Caravan event at Onahama AEON till tomorrow -- Iwaki Minpo official homepage
Aiming to build momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, Tokio Marine and Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.'s "Tohoku Six-Prefecture Caravan Event 'Challenge 6' in Fukushima" began on the 28th at Iwaki Onahama AEON Mall.
Challenge 6 will run from July until October, opening in one location within each of the six prefectures in Tohoku with AEON Mall Iwaki Onahama as the venue for Fukushima.
A visit from familiar comedian personality Dandy Sakano who is known for "Gets!" roused excitement as he joined in the competition experience wearing all yellow at the venue.
Ends the 29th.
Construction proposals decided for Minaminumahara Primary School and children's play facility in Yamagata | Yamagata Newspaper
Successful bidders have been found for the new Minaminumahara Primary School building and a children's play facility, whose planned construction is being advanced by the city of Yamagata as a private finance initiative (PFI) using public funds, and the proposed construction was explained at a meeting of the city council standing committee on the 26th.
The children's play facility will be constructed on the north side of Yamagata Civic 9th Junior High School in Katayachi Ward, on a site approximately 23,400m² in area.
It will feature a semi-underground sports hall, book corner and a café.
Planning and construction will begin from January next year, with an expected opening date in March 2022.
Minaminumahara Primary School is a large school attended by over 900 children.
It will be a three-storey building made from reinforced concrete, with a total floor space of 8,580m².
At a review committee held on the 6th, the Ichimura Komuten Group (Yamagata), which is made up of 8 companies, made a successful bid of 4 billion 501 million 210 thousand yen, which includes the design, demolishing the old school building and 15 years' worth of operation, management and maintenance costs.
Planning and construction will begin from December, with an expected completion date in October 2022.
"This time I will attain love..." Shuri set to appear in the Fuji TV drama, "Ex-Enthusiasts: MotoKare Mania", starring Araki Yuko and Kora Kengo (Sports News) - Yahoo!News
Actress Shuri (29) has been cast in Fuji TV's new drama, "Ex-Enthusiasts: MotoKare Mania" (starting Thursday, October 17th, at 10pm), appearing alongside Araki Yuko (25) and Kora Kengo (31).
Shuri will play Kaga Chizuru, a colleague at the major food manufacturer where Yamashita Akio, played by Hamano Kenta (38), works.
Because she follows a relationship strategy where she won't get hurt, she becomes very agitated if things don't go as she expected.
Shuri has previously appeared in the NHK drama, "Toto Neechan" (April to October 2016), TBS Television's "Black Pean" (April 2018), and many other popular titles, but this will be the first time that she has appeared in a Fuji TV drama for terrestrial television.
Speaking about the role, she said, "For some reason I tend to play characters that are unlucky in love, so I hope that this time I will attain [love] (she laughs). I want to have some fun playing Kaga Chizuru," she also had a message for viewers: "I'm really looking forward to seeing how the world of Ex-Enthusiasts: MotoKare Mania unfolds in the hands of the distinctive and fascinating cast and everyone involved with the production. I hope this drama will make you look forward to Thursday evenings at 10 o'clock."
GQ MEN's 10-day Mix-and-Match: Day 9 "Skateboarding with the Crew" (GQ JAPAN) -- Yahoo!News
With shorts I can feel the wind directly and it feels great.
Mix-and-match items: Beanie 10,000 yen <ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN/Maiden Company TEL03-5410-9777> Vest 23,000 yen <FILSON/Outer Limits TEL03-5413-6957> Top 12,000 yen <PRE _ /WAG, Inc. TEL03-5791-1501> Shorts 6,800 yen <PROPPER/ HIGH! STANDARD TEL03-3464-2109> Socks 1800 yen <CHICSTOCKS/No Dezain TEL03-6677-603> Sneakers 12,000 yen <CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING/Converse Information Store TEL0120-819-217>
Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare to meet families of Hansen's disease patients Plans to hold three-ministerial talks to eliminate discrimination Shizuoka Shimbun @S
At the press conference after the cabinet meeting on the 27th, Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare Kato Katsunobu said that he would meet with families of former Hansen's disease patients on October 2.
He also announced that the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare; Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology; and Ministry of Justice would hold a talk on the same day to eliminate discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
As for family members of former patients, in June, the Kumamoto District Court ordered the government to pay a total of 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs.
Abe also stated the government would work on compensation measures and human rights awareness.
A big opportunity for budding male models!
The Special Model Auditions 2019 is an event featuring 35 talent and model agencies to which belong models such as Narita Ryo, who are also broadly active as actors and TV personalities (Deview) - Yahoo!News
Among the participating companies, there are many agencies that have male models on their books like Narita Ryo, who are not just models, but exhibit multiple talents such as acting.
Narita Ryo, who is an exclusive model for the magazine, "MEN'S NON-NO" (Shueisha), and highly reputed as an actor after appearing in the film, "No Longer Human" (currently showing), and starring in the film, "Katsuben!" (scheduled for release on December 13th), is attached to Sony Music Artists.
Taniguchi Masashi, who works as a promotional model for Yohji Yamamoto's GroundY and S'YTE while appearing as Amazon Alpha/Takayama Jin in the film "Kamen Rider Amazons" and Yuki Chusa in the stage adaptation of "Joker Game", belongs to SOS Model Agency.
In addition to men's fashion magazines such as "POPEYE" and "Smart", there are also appearances in many women's magazines.
Akutagawa's posthumous handwritten manuscript exhibited for the first time Literary theory of deterioration and tragedy Shizuoka Shimbun @S
It will be exhibited at the museum from October 1st.
Though the existence of the essay was well known as being included in his complete collection, this will be the first time his handwritten manuscript is exhibited to the public.
The 12 page essay, written on 200 character manuscript papers, was published in 2015, in the April issue of Bungeishunju.
Greta Thunberg wonders on Twitter "why adults choose to spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children".
Greta Thunberg, the Swedish environmental activist, gave a speech at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York on September 23rd.
"They come up with every thinkable lie and conspiracy theory"
Change is coming.
Whether adults like the change or not.
HuffPost Japanese Edition
Akita Television's Programming Commission (The Sankei News) - Yahoo!News
The 432rd Broadcast Programming Commission for Akita Television (chaired by Ebata Kiyohiko) took place during which they discussed the show, "Delectable Akita Curry, Recommended by Editors, Pro Chefs and Celebrities!", that was broadcast on August 16th.
The final round of the Japan-Korea-Asia Tour joint sponsored tournament, "Shinhan Donghae Open," was held on the 22nd at South Korea's Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7238 yards, par 71) and Hoshino Rikuya completed the tournament with one eagle, two birdies, and one bogey at a score of 68, as the top Japanese with a total of 9 under and an individual 5th place.
(Video) Coming to Japan!
Garcia's Wedge Shot
I was able to make it to some extent in the first half, so I thought I could go with that momentum in the second half, but I just couldn't get the putter to go well and couldn't make it further, so that was frustrating.
-- Could you see a victory with the eagle in the sixth and the birdie in the seventh?
I got the birdie on the 7th and there was a chance, but I regret that in the end I couldn't make it in the second half.
Recently my condition (of my shot) hasn't been good so it was good that I could keep solidly to the fairway even on a course where it was narrow.
There wasn't much else different besides that, but because it was a joint sponsored tournament with few Japanese athletes, I approached the match with the sentiment "I can't lose to the overseas players!"
The second half will start, but I can't aim for the top prize if I don't win one or more so I want to get one more win, and the ZOZO Championship is also coming up so to qualify I also want to do my best to get in the top ranks in the tournaments leading up to it.
How to prevent dementia and keep it at a merely "forgetful" stage?
Interview and story by Watanabe Yo
Dementia never fully goes away
A cure or prevention for dementia has been long-awaited, but what is the current state of progress?
Otsuki: As we age, it's possible for anyone to suffer from dementia, though there are varying degrees of severity, from mild to quite serious indeed.
Are there any kinds of people who are more prone to dementia, or who are less likely to get it?
Otsuki: Even if dementia is not completely avoidable, it is possible to suppress the symptoms to the extent that it is nothing more than forgetfulness.
Dementia is considered a lifestyle-related disease and there are certain trends among people who are more prone.
Dementia is treated as a lifestyle-related disease.
They can be used by people who live in an environment where they cannot cook in the first place, because they don't have gas or electricity.
This results in a diet that is low in vegetables and protein, leading to an unbalanced lifestyle that is high in fat and sugar.
A woman (age 52) from Itami City in Hyogo Prefecture remarked "When I turned to the left, I saw the scenery on the left, and when I turned right I saw to the right, and it really felt like I was walking inside. If I have a chance I would like to experience the real Maki-do Cave."
Takanofuji's brother Takagenji shows remorse for ignoring guidance | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
On the 28th, Takagenji, twin brother of the disgraced Juryo division sumo wrestler Takanofuji, who was urged to retire from the Japan Sumo Association after assaulting his personal attendant, has himself reflected on the disciplinary action for acting outside of guidance, saying, "I fully accept the decision. The next tournament will start not at zero, but at a minus position."
He was speaking in an interview after participating in a tournament at the Ryogoku Kokugikan Sumo Arena in Tokyo.
Takanofuji, acting on his own authority, held a press conference on the 27th, announcing his desire to continue as a wrestler.
Takagenji first learned of his brother's intention to hold a press conference when it was reported, and advised him not to do it, but said that he hasn't been able to contact him since then.
"Even though we were brought up in the same environment, my brother and I have different ways of thinking," he said.
The F-PACE originates from the C-X17, a 4-seater concept SUV that was unveiled in 2013.
The first, and current, generation model went on sale a year later in 2016, and this will be the first facelift that it has received since then.
Kansai Electric Power's head office, Osaka, on the afternoon of the 27th (taken from a Kyodo News helicopter)
The construction company is Yoshida Kaihatsu, founded in 1981.
According to the credit rating agency, sales for the month of August 2013 were 350 million yen, which rose to over 1 billion yen in 2015, and 2.1 billion yen in 2018, for the same period.
Construction related to KEPCO's nuclear power plant accounted for much of the work.
Reckless driver arrested in Kagoshima after threatening to kill another road user (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo!News
According to the police, Miyahara is suspected of relentlessly tailgating a car being driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima after midnight on the 24th, then threatening to kill the other man when they were at an intersection.
On the 25th, the man filed a complaint and police hastened to investigate the incident, however, in the afternoon the next day on the 26th, Miyahara, accompanied by a friend, turned himself in at the police station, where he was arrested; he said, "I got scared because footage of me driving recklessly appeared on TV and social media."
Tokyo MX "Koyama Keiichiro's Healthy Border 30" (The Television ) - Yahoo!News
Specialists in various fields appear on the show and answer questions from Koyama and his guests.
The guests invited are Nozawa Naoko and Diana Extravaganza, who will learn all about the different types of vitamins and their functions.
Children running with all their might in the girls' 800m.
On the left is pacemaker Joseph Onsarigo, Koyo Seiki Athletic Field, Nagai
Onsarigo led the children in a total of four races, including the boys' 1,000m and girls' 800m.
For the boys, Koseki Tomoya (6th grade at Hirano Primary School) took first place, marking a time of 3:04.38, whereas for the girls, Shikama Rara (6th grade at Isazawa Primary School) came first with a time of 2:34.17, followed by Asano Rin (6th grade at Nagai Primary School) in second place with a time of 2:35.73, all of which beat previous tournament records.
Koseki said, "It was tough keeping up with super fast Onsarigo, but I managed to hang in there," while Shikama said, " Onsarigo called out to me, encouraging me to speed up."
Onsarigo commented, gleefully, "The children ran well, and it was the perfect job for me to do."
Nishida Toshiyuki puts envious Nakao Akira in his place, "We're on a different level", "I've appeared on the Red and White Song Battle three times" (Sports News) - Yahoo!News
Actors Nishijima Hidetoshi (48), Nishida Toshiyuki (71), Nakao Akira (77) were in Tokyo on the 27th to give a speech at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku at the premiere of their new film, "Ninkyo Gakuen"(originally written by Konno Bin, directed by Kimura Hisashi).
Nishida not only acted in the film, he also appears on the soundtrack, singing an arrangement of "Until We Meet Again" with Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Regarding this, Nakao said, "When I saw the film, I was annoyed because Nishida sings," consumed with envy.
Cutting-edge art beckons to a different world: Okayama Art Summit opens in city center -- Sanyo Shimbun Digital | Sandigi
People walking around classrooms that are the setting for a film piece depicting the future 3000 years from now -- Former Uchisange Elementary School
The international art exhibition held every three years in the center of Okayama City, "Okayama Art Summit 2019" (organized by the executive committee formed by the City, Prefecture and others) opened on the 27th.
Art fans from Japan and abroad are enjoying cutting-edge artwork created by 18 artists from 9 countries in line with the mysterious title, "If the Snake."
Families and children doing off-campus learning came and watched a robotic snake twisting its body in response to surrounding sounds in the Sumo ring in the schoolyard, and perused the inside of the school building which had been transformed into the setting for an artistic film depicting the world 3000 years into the future.
They were fully enjoying art that beckoned them to another world.
People gathered at the rally to mark five years since the Umbrella Movement began, 28th in Hong Kong (Kyodo News)
Ibaraki National Athletic Meet opens today, 28th | Sports | Saga Shimbun News |Saga Shimbun LiVE
On the 28th, the opening ceremony for the 74th National Athletic Meet, "Ikiki Ibaraki Yume National Athletic Meet 2019," will be held at the Kasamatsu Athletics Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture, starting a heated 11-day competition that will end on October 8th.
Roughly 400 athletes and coaches will participate in 33 games not including the pre-competition events, and will hold hometown pride in their hearts as they face the nation's mightiest.
Until the year before last the prefectural rank had slumped, staying at 43rd place for three years consecutively, but rose last year to 33rd place.
Prefecture athletes have continued toughening up in preparation for the National Sports Meet which will be held within the prefecture in 2023, and this year the aim is to rank in the low 20s.
At the pre-competition events that were held through the 16th, momentum was gained as 6th place was achieved in youth rhythmic gymnastics by Saga Girls' High School, as well as in both women's gymnastics and girls' gymnastics.
At the opening ceremony a total of 83 prefectural athletes, coaches, and headquarter officials will be 40th to enter the venue parading with boys' rugby athlete Ishikawa Kuugo (Saga Technical High School) bearing the flag.