5th Assembly
Official Report
Ministers’ Statements 603
Members’ Statements 606
047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Program (Ehaloak) 604
050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik) 606
097 – 5(1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 606
098 – 5(1): Cannabis Legislation (Lightstone) 607
099 – 5(1): Increasing Education Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 – 5(1): Concerns with Larga Boarding Home (Kamingoak) 609
101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosalie Ijjangiaq (Netser) 610
102 – 5(1): Poasie Mike Recognized under Canada 150 (Nakashuk) 610
103 – 5(1): Budget Reflections (Main) 610
104 – 5(1): Two More Elders Sent Out for Care (Towtongie) 612
123 – 5(1): Private Security Legislation (Hickes) 616
125 – 5(1): Educational Leave Policy (Lightstone) 618
127 – 5(1): Family Services Client Travel Policy (Netser) 620
128 – 5(1): Contacting the Office of Patient Relations (Qirngnuq) 622
129 – 5(1): Income Assistance Policies (Towtongie) 623
132 – 5(1): Insurance Policy on Government Assets (Hickes) 629
134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions Programs (Main) 632
135 – 5(1): Compensation Program for Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 633
031 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Municipality of Naujaat Re: Extension of Runway in Naujaat (Netser) 638
015 – 5(1): Extension of Question Period (Main) 632
Hon. David Akeeagok, Hon. Pat Angnakak, Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak, Hon. Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Hon. David Joanasie, Mr. Joelie Kaernerk, Ms. Mila Kamingoak, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Hon. Lorne Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lightstone, Mr. John Main, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Ms. Margaret Nakashuk, Mr. Patterk Netser, Mr. Emiliano Qirngnuq, Hon. Paul Quassa, Mr. Allan Rumbolt, Hon. Joe Savikataaq, Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik, Ms. Cathy Towtongie.
>>House commenced at 13:33
We will proceed directly to the orders of the day.
Premier of Nunavut, Premier Quassa.
Donna is the very first Inuk doctor.
She is currently in her fourth year of a six-year residency program at the University of Ottawa Heart Institute.
In 2016 she joined the National Aboriginal Council on HIV/AIDS as the Inuit representative.
I know I speak for us all when I say how proud we are of Dr. Kimmaliardjuk’s accomplishments and how much we look forward to seeing where this incredible journey takes her.
Minister of Justice, Minister Ehaloak.
Minister’s Statement 047 – 5(1): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Program (Ehaloak)
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I rise today to talk about a new cultural program for male inmates at the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility.
Inmates participating in the program learn how to work with sealskin, leather, and other materials and have made winter coats, sealskin mitts, sealskin pants, sealskin hats, bullet bags, and thermos [bags].
The sewing program will work with and support the facility’s land program where inmates learn to hunt wildlife and how to properly prepare the skins and the meat.
These harvested skins will then be used as part of the sewing program.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say “good day” to the people of Arviat. Daughter, please don’t be late to school.
Minister of Education, Minister Joanasie.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Minister’s Statement 050 – 5(1): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Good day, Nunavummiut and my colleagues.
Our department is committed to supporting the mining industry and ensuring that Nunavummiut are able to benefit from this activity.
We anticipate that this year’s mining symposium will continue to be one of the best attended conferences in Nunavut and we anticipate over 400 people to take part.
Members’ Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member’s Statement 096 – 5(1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandson (Rumbolt)
Member’s Statement 097 – 5(1): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq)
Mental health;
Substance abuse;
The importance of learning about Inuit history, residential schools, and reconciliation; and
Jody Karoo;
Howard Panigayak;
Laverne Oleekatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
The participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makittuq;
Loranda Rose Audviq Qirngnuq;
Christine Juliana Qirngnuq;
Pauline Illuitok.
Member’s Statement 098 – 5(1): Cannabis Legislation (Lightstone)
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, second-hand tobacco smoke has long been acknowledged to be a significant health risk, which is why governments across the country have acted in recent years to regulate and restrict the places in which tobacco can be smoked.
I would like to request unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
Mr. Lightstone, please proceed.
Mr. Akoak, if you are listening, we hope you get well soon.
The wheels of government turn slowly, but that doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t encourage, push, and promote opportunities that are there before us.
Member’s Statement 100 – 5(1): Concerns with Larga Boarding Home (Kamingoak)
Ms. Kamingoak: Koana, Mr. Speaker.
Member’s Statement 101 – 5(1): Congratulations to Rosalie Ijjangiaq (Netser)
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I rise today to congratulate Rosalie Ijjangiaq of Naujaat.
Mr. Speaker, Horatio Alger scholarships are awarded to high school students who have overcome significant adversity while demonstrating strong academics and a commitment to pursuing post-secondary education.
Our youth face many challenges and obstacles when working to achieve a post-secondary education.
Member’s Statement 102 – 5(1): Poasie Mike Recognized under Canada 150 (Nakashuk)
Ms. Nakashuk: Thank you.
The last name on my list is the Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Member’s Statement 103 – 5(1): Budget Reflections (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say “good day” to the people watching the televised proceedings, Inuit, Qallunaat, and everyone.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to make some observations and recommendations concerning the government’s budget process.
Mr. Speaker, for those of us who are new to this place, the past two weeks has been both an experience and an education.
It is not enough to count the number of dollars that have gone out the door.
I would like to seek consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Main, please proceed.
Mr. Main: Thank you.
We don’t know how many jobs for Inuit and other Nunavummiut were created or sustained by this spending and we often don’t know what the money was actually spent on.
Member’s Statement 104 – 5(1): Two More Elders Sent Out for Care (Towtongie)
On behalf of the people of Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, I rise today in recalling that one of our oldest elder residents, Annie Tatty, is travelling to Ottawa by plane today.
I want to be heard as a representative for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet.
The current practice of sending elders to southern facilities, to an alien landscape where the elders have no familiarity with is inappropriate.
Those are the types of questions you should ask.
Last on my list is the Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member’s Statement 106 – 5(1): Kinngait Performing Arts Club (Joanasie)
There are none.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The first one is Parks Canada Field Unit Superintendent for Nunavut Jenna Boon and the staff who always takes care of me and our children, my wife, Carol Akeeagok.
I would like to thank each and every one of you. A person coming from the northernmost community is my sister, Naomi Kuukaa Kuluguqtuq. We’re grateful that she’s here.
Mr. Otak and your wife, welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
My parents lived in Wager Bay and my mother, although it is now within the park boundaries, gave every sibling copies of pictures from the place, so I acknowledge you. From the oldest sibling to the youngest person, we are very thankful.
Welcome to the gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Ms. Kamingoak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Kuukaa Kuluguqtuq and Carol Akeeagok, who are family members.
Please feel welcome in your Legislative Assembly.
Please welcome him to the gallery.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
Let’s proceed with the orders of the day.
We will begin with the Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 – 5(1): Private Security Legislation (Hickes)
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Mr. Hickes, for the question.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Hickes, yes, we can work towards developing a policy or legislation for a Private Securities Act.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Any legislation or policies that are prepared within the Department of Justice or within any other department, when they’re writing policies, we make sure that my department is involved right from the beginning.
I don’t have that information with me right now, but I can look into it and get back to you.
I want to follow up on the questions that I asked the minister last week concerning the cleanup of the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I can commit yes, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. To remediate the whole site itself, it would cost approximately $10 million. The QEC does not have those kinds of funds, but like I said in my previous statement, the contaminated site was prior to the creation of Nunavut and the Government of Canada is responsible for those sites to be remediated.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Yes, I can commit as Minister of the QEC and Minister of Justice that we will work together to resolve the issue.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lightstone.
Speaker: Thank you. The question has been taken as notice.
Ms. Nakashuk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The old health centre was built in 1975 and Pangnirtung went through that process.
Using the government standard practice, we are now preparing whether the hamlet has any use for it. That’s where we are right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
If I understand correctly, now the community has been asked if they want to take it over. What’s going on?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We have not heard from government departments if they want to take it over or not.
That’s where we’re at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
Thank you for asking questions about that.
There are more than four steps that we take.
Question 127 – 5(1): Family Services Client Travel Policy (Netser)
First of all, I would like to say to my constituents, I keep forgetting to say “good afternoon.” I have been here for a while now and I haven’t said “good afternoon,” so I say “good afternoon.”
I am sure you will agree that getting a visit from a family member makes all the difference in the world to these individuals.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
This policy is expiring soon and this policy would be looked at, but I can’t commit to anything right off the bat without looking at the policy.
Question 128 – 5(1): Contacting the Office of Patient Relations (Qirngnuq)
As the minister often tells us and earlier this week she even provided a phone number, Nunavummiut can contact the Office of Patient Relations with their concerns.
Hon. Pat Angnakak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand your concern and yes, we usually like to try to encourage the toll-free number so you can get somebody right away.
I don’t have it right here right now, but there’s an email address as well and perhaps even a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I’m not sure if she answered the question or not, so I will ask this question.
The Office of Patient Relations has a form that can be filled out explaining a complaint or concern.
That’s a very good question, that’s true.
Question 129 – 5(1): Income Assistance Policies (Towtongie)
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
On productive choices and looking for jobs, in my opinion I would say that if there are no jobs available at all, then it would be useless, but sometimes there are short-term jobs available like casual jobs.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
It can’t be used outside the territory.
In regard to income assistance, there was a study and the policy has been changed.
Mr. Kaernerk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today will focus on the issue of job training.
Can the minister indicate what projects her department has spent this funding on during the current 2017-18 fiscal year?
Mr. Speaker, I hope that makes sense.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the member for his question.
In regard to mining training, although not all of them have been reported… .
Your first supplementary, Mr. Kaernerk.
Mr. Kaernerk: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister indicate if her department will be requesting an increase or decrease in this budget for the upcoming 2018-19 fiscal year?
Minister Sheutiapik.
I cannot respond to that question at this time, but perhaps I can get back to the member’s question for the $200,000 as to how the funding was utilized.
For the Kitikmeot Corporation drillers’ assistant training, $61,000 was used; for the Qikiqtani Inuit Association for financial literacy, $60,000; as well as for the Hamlet of Arviat for the work readiness program and class 3 airbrakes for $78,000. Thank you.
I also thank the minister for elaborating on my question.
Earlier in our sitting, I tabled a copy of my recent letter to the president of North Arrow Minerals concerning the Mel Diamond Project in North Baffin.
Further, with regard to the information I tabled about the proposed work to be undertaken near our community, I wonder if the minister can indicate how her department is working with not only North Arrow Minerals but all mining companies to identify job training opportunities for Inuit near my home community or for Inuit in Quttiktuq.
I believe these opportunities can provide beneficial employment for people due to this reasoning and to add further to this, Hall Beach is a smaller community and the project won’t be buying supplies from the community. However, some people have been hired to work on these projects, for which I thank them.
As you stated earlier, you will be working to support mining companies.
What I am trying to ask about is if these types of activities funded through the allocations the minister mentioned.
To use this example, the Mary River project is in the Baffin region, Kivalliq has gold mines opening, and in the Kitikmeot, I think the future mine is also for gold.
Will all of the projects have adjacent training courses?
To use myself as an example, as I am an Inuk and if I wanted to training to get a more senior position, then what kind of training could be provided so that I could succeed? What type of assistance can the Department of Economic Development offer for prospective workers?
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank you for your good questions. Economic Development is not alone in this.
It’s interdepartmental through education, mining training, and trades. I think it’s also important to acknowledge that mines are at different times and we look at all those as a department. There’s active and advanced development under construction.
You take all those into consideration while working with the different departments. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 131 – 5(1): Support for Health Centre Staff (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to ask questions to the Minister of Health.
Let me start by providing some background to my question, as this question applies to numerous communities and not just to my particular community.
I believe it applies everywhere in Nunavut as it pops up in various communities and it relates to our nursing staff as well as other workers in our local health centres.
We are all aware that frontline health professionals are often tasked with heavy workloads. This chronically heavy workload results from having too many duties, or to say it in English, a full workload. When workloads are too heavy, one nurse sometimes has to undertake these responsibilities, with part of the reason being lack of nursing staff.
When nurses are subject to extra work due to the lack of staff, it can lead to staff burnout, as a lack of replacement nurses results in more work for the remaining nurses who must still complete their tasks.
It seems quite obvious that staff shortages leads to some nurses being overworked.
It would appear to be quite evident in this case, and hopefully I am being understandable as I am speaking my dialect and I hope my colleagues comprehend my concerns here.
Perhaps I will reiterate it in English. Mr. Speaker, it appears that there is an increasingly cyclical pattern with staff shortages contributing to an ever-increasing workload and burnout, and so on.
My first question for the minister is: can the minister tell this House what steps her department has taken to provide additional support and resources, particularly to the health centre staff in communities which suffer from chronic workloads and burnout?
I think the issue of staffing regarding health centres and nursing is a very important one. It’s something that we have always been working very hard as a department to ensure that we can have enough staff at all health centres as much as possible.
That doesn’t always happen.
I am aware of circumstances where yes, nurses feel very tired and very burnt out.
The department does what it can when we come across such situations.
We just had that situation in one of the communities and the department then sent additional nurses where we could.
You’ve got to look at where can be spare a nurse or two and then once that is determined, they try to send that nurse to that community where maybe the workload is more than usual.
It can be any kind of circumstances going on. Maybe somebody has gone on leave, and then the community perhaps came down with a lot of cases of flu or something, those kinds of impacts. What we try to do is we look at where else can we send some nurses from one area to another.
We’re always trying to recruit nurses. We want to make sure that we keep the numbers up, that we have enough nurses to deliver the health care service in Nunavut.
I think we share this concern. In reviewing the department’s most recent staffing statistics, I’ll use the communities I represent as example. It is clear that vacancy rates remain unacceptably high in some health centres.
According to the latest statistics, Whale Cove has a 70 percent vacancy rate; Arviat, 44 percent vacancy rate.
I understand that this is a challenging issue and that it’s very complicated.
Minister Angnakak.
Our problem is once the 30 months is done, we can’t keep our nurses. They leave. They’ve had the experience and maybe the novelty has worn off, but it’s very stressful being a nurse in the community.
You have to look at everything when somebody comes into a community and what kind of support they have. This is something the department has been working very hard in trying to address.
I’ll try to rephrase it. Mr. Speaker, we know that there are issues in some of these communities where there are chronically heavy workloads and chronically short-staffed crews of health care professionals.
I would like to understand specifically what is being done to address the issue in those communities specifically. What is being done?
What is being considered in terms of making sure that our nurses and other health care staff are getting the support they need from the department?
I know you want the specifics, but I perhaps don’t have an exhaustive list of what’s being done because that’s operational.
We’re on, let’s say, an emergency basis only where people can’t make regular appointments” because maybe the workload is too much or too many nurses have gone away.
The department, like I said before, is trying to fill all the positions that we can. It’s difficult to do that because we’re in competition with the rest of Canada.
That’s one thing that they’re trying to do. I know that they work with an agency as well to try to hire northern nurses, people who have had experience working in the north, not so much always the Arctic but let’s say northern Manitoba.
There are different areas that we’re trying to address this. I know that the Department of Health is very conscious of what a lot of our nurses go through and are trying to help in whatever way they can.
That is not an easy thing. It’s not something we can solve overnight. It’s something we all have to keep working on and if you have any ideas, let me know.
My next set of questions is directed at the Minister of Finance.
As we’re all aware, in all the communities across the territory, the government owns a number of different pieces of infrastructure. There are airport terminals, health centres, schools, office buildings, and etcetera.
My question to the minister is: for insurance purposes, are all those pieces of infrastructure lumped together in one policy or are they separated by need?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Our insurance is broken into different stages and it all depends on exactly which property it is.
As I noticed recently in the news, there was an attempt by somebody in one of our communities to start a fire again at one of our community’s schools.
I know the Department of Finance has taken measures to make sure that our infrastructure is insured for the appropriate amount. We also learned that our deductible on schools, as an example, is $10 million.
What are the implications with our insurance provider if another school goes up in flames, Mr. Speaker?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Our current insurance premium has jumped from $10 million to $20 million for our schools in result of the fires that have taken place.
We continue to advocate that through our Department of Education and through all of us to try to encourage people to prevent that. Those are very valuable properties that sadly there have been attempts of them being burned down.
We need to try to communicate and ensure that we show that we are doing our diligence through our security systems and through various… . We need to prove that we are doing better and we are trying to do better because the insurance deductible is rising and rising to a point where we have to insure it ourselves. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I appreciate that information and it scares me when we talk about having insurance premiums of half or more of the value of a building.
I did ask what would happen if another school went up.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I hope that we will continue to be insurable.
This recent one of $20 million is a result of schools being burnt down.
For the rest of our other buildings, the deductible is at $1 million.
There are different varieties of this.
I can’t say before how many schools are burnt that we will be uninsurable.
I hope that under our watch that we don’t see another school being burnt. I applaud the questions and applaud our efforts to try to do this. Together, as all members, we need to continue to advocate that these are to educate our children and educate the public.
I think, not only for schools but even for health centres, those are very valuable properties that we try to run our services.
Any property damage causes a lot of grief to people that we serve. I want to continue advocating that our buildings are ours.
As our Speaker continues to remind us, this is everybody’s House.
We need to remind all of our students and all of the public that schools, health centres, and garages are all of the public’s buildings and they are there to serve the public.
I applaud and thank for questioning this and raising this in this House. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Can the minister tell this House whether he would be willing to reopen the consideration of establishing a university in Nunavut in partnership with the private sector and others?
I also thank the Member for Baker Lake for asking that question.
Nunavut Arctic College drafted a request for proposals, asking different universities outside of Nunavut on ways to collaborate on various courses that we could jointly offer.
We started to develop a plan, although we were made aware that different bodies, for example, Agnico Eagle placed funds aside specifically for the creation of a university in Nunavut.
This work is something we would like to continue to pursue. However, we have tried to draft up an agreement with some universities outside of Nunavut on developing a collaborative approach towards this goal.
I truly feel that we must invest in expanding educational opportunities from Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit such as that delivered by the Piqqusilirivvik program to higher academics such as the kind of education that would be delivered in a university setting.
Nunavut Arctic College shares that desire to provide greater opportunities for Nunavummiut to be able to receive a university degree in their home territory. What we have started noting is that emergence of online distance learning courses, as that is another avenue to research.
With respect to the matter the member referred to regarding Piqqusilirivvik and how more programming could be disseminated to the satellite communities, it is another idea which we are contemplating.
The board of governors of Arctic College will be involved in this initiative along with my officials. Specifically the Arctic College president and vice-president will be developing a plan to move towards this goal that can provide us momentum forward.
Mr. Mikkungwak: Mr. Speaker, I recognize that the previous government accepted a recommendation not to pursue the option of a Nunavut university at that time.
Will the minister commit to revisiting this concept and reporting back to the House on his findings?
That option about building a university in Nunavut, people have different ideas about it.
Like I said, Agnico Eagle has earmarked $5 million towards a new facility if there is a will to do that.
I think it’s still an ongoing discussion.
Within this mandate over the next four years, I’m not sure if that is the route we want to take given that we just completed a fairly extensive feasibility study which we’re going to take into consideration and proceed as we need.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Pursuant to Rule 39(7), I move, seconded by the Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that the time allotted for oral questions be extended. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order and it is not debatable.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
All those opposed.
Therefore question period will be extended for an additional 30 minutes staring now.
Question 134 – 5(1): Grants and Contributions Programs (Main)
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise to ask my question to the Minister of Environment, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to ask about the Department of Environment’s hunting programs and I would like information on how they actually benefit our hunters.
Let me speak in English so that I’m clear. There are three grants under the Department of Environment that are administered for disaster compensation, wildlife damage compensation, and finally the Fur Pricing Program.
The budgeted amount for these grants is $150,000 for the current fiscal year.
First of all, I wonder if the minister could explain how the department evaluates the effectiveness of these programs.
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and for that question.
I know that that happens at least, I think it’s three times a year. I don’t have the details of that yet, but I know they just had a fur harvesters’ auction beginning of March. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for bringing up particularly the fur markets.
Mr. Speaker, information provided in this House in years past is very interesting to me and perhaps other harvesters in Nunavut.
In 2011 the Department of Environment stated that the value of pelts auctioned off to the Fur Harvesters Auction was around $800,000.
Mr. Speaker, I wonder if the minister could give us an update in terms of how the fur markets are proceeding this year in terms of the latest information that she has available. It could be this year or it could be last year. I’m interested in the health and the economic viability or state of the fur markets.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I, too, have the same information you just read off actually.
I cannot say where they’re at because I don’t have the results of the Fur Harvesters Auction recently.
I can tell you that my hope is after the Northern Lights, it was doubled in sales when it comes to the industry and I hope that that will be an indication of what’s coming by way of the Fur Harvesters Auction. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank the minister.
Can the Department of Environment make considerations to get more cash into the hands of our hunters to help them out?
We know who the fox trappers and sealskin producers are.
I think that the money that is used within a year is too small, Mr. Speaker.
I believe it’s just too small.
Can the minister agree with me on this fact? Can the minister check into this in the coming months?
I agree with you. I look forward to tabling one day to increase that.
Question 135 – 5(1): Compensation Program for Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak)
Mr. Speaker, we are all aware in Nunavut that our hunters’ equipment gets damaged, especially by polar bears. Their shacks get broken up and their important property like snowmobiles is damaged.
Mr. Speaker, there is a compensation program for damaged equipment, but it’s very hard to access that money.
Has the funding for wildlife damage compensation programs been depleted this year?
My apologies. I didn’t hear the whole question.
Can he repeat the question, please?
Speaker: Please repeat your question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our properties like snowmobiles and shacks get damaged, especially by polar bears, when we’re not there.
We all know that there are compensation programs for wildlife damage to property.
My question was: has the budget for damage compensation been depleted this fiscal year?
Minister of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
The minister said that she would respond after she gets the information.
Can she break it down between the Baffin region, the Kivalliq region, and the Kitikmeot region?
Yes, I can provide a breakdown of the list.
Question 136 – 5(1): Child Care and Early Learning Program (Hickes)
In his minister’s statement this afternoon he stated that all eligible licensed child care facilities will receive an increase and he gave a range of numbers dependent on the number, type, and location of the spaces.
Is there an overall budget associated within this range? What is the total amount that is being provided to our licensed child care facilities?
Minister of Education, Minister Joanasie.
Cabinet approved the signing of a multilateral framework for this agreement. It’s a three-year agreement and over the three years I think it’s broken down by four different categories.
If you want specific statistics operations-wise, O&M would be overall $1.1 million for each year. It’s broken down into that.
That’s kind of the overall numbers I have.
Mr. Speaker, when I’m looking at the daycare regulations for Nunavut, A manual for early childhood programs, section 17 in the staffing speaks to “For all staff involved in the delivery of the daily program, it is recommended to include training as one of the expectations.”
Mr. Speaker, I know there are a number of different programs offered within the Early Childhood Division as well as Nunavut Arctic College.
How is success measured? How is this tracked from licensed daycare facilities across the territory to make sure that training is encouraged for day-to-day staff?
Training is one part of this agreement over the three years.
That’s one of the other components outside of the $1.1 million for operations costs.
We want to get more and more certified ECE workers that might already be working in a daycare facility.
It’s an area that we want to continue to boost. Training and ongoing training on the job are some things that we look forward to over the three years and beyond.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The nature of skills required for work;
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank the minister for his response.
That’s the way we have always gone and that’s the way we will continue to go, Mr. Speaker.
Moving on with the orders of the day.
I will keep returning to this matter on occasion.
Tabled Document 031 – 5(1): Correspondence from the Municipality of Naujaat Re: Extension of Runway in Naujaat (Netser)
I have two documents to table.
The second document is a list of outstanding statutory tabling requirements. Thank you.
>>House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Mr. Main.
We wish to commence the review of Bill 2, followed by the review of Bill 3 and Bill 4 and the supporting budget documents.
Again, do we agree?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Yes, with your permission, I would like officials with me at the table.
Mr. Akeeagok, if you could introduce your witnesses and please proceed on into your opening comments.
Through this bill, our government is seeking legal authority to spend up to $491,804,000 between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
$11.66 million to the Department of Executive and Intergovernmental Affairs;
I would be pleased to take any questions or comments.
I will now ask if any committee members have general comments.
I’m sorry if the translation for this document was inaccurate. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have a general question. I know that with this interim appropriation, it is just basically a percentage of previous budgets that has been applied for and it follows the budgeting process used previously in election years.
Okay. At this time I will allow members if they have any questions on the minister’s opening comments, please do so now.
Chairman: Go to Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Interim Amounts Appropriated for the Period of April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Interim Appropriation. $491,804,000.
Mr. Main, do you have a question?
I would just like clarification. When it comes to these grants and contributions programs, particularly economic development or Nunavut Housing Corporation, how is this issue being dealt with given that this budget is not intended to last for an entire fiscal year, but some programs are administered on yearly basis?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. A very good question.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Main.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We have given the departments that this has to be status quo and these are the amounts that have been given to us.
Mr. Qirngnuq: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome, minister and your officials.
That is my question.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you.
Those are the exact numbers.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Mr. Chairman, I would just like to thank our staff for getting this put together to keeping this government operational up to June.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Can I start my opening remarks?
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Family Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Minister Savikataaq, are you prepared to answer that question?
With the consolidation of senior services last year of bringing all Family Services responsibility for seniors back into the Department of Health, are there currently any senior programs through Family Services that they’re still having expenditures on?
That’s one of the examples. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I’ll try to clarify.
I do understand now.
I thank the minister for his response.
I’m not sure what that has to do with the process we’re doing here today, but Mr. Akeeagok.
Again, we’re on page 4.
Mr. Main.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It has been a trend since 2013. It has been a steady trend in terms of the clients that have been required. This is a trend that we follow.
It makes reference to the department’s recent and ongoing income assistance reforms.
Chairman: Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think there are a number of factors when it comes to Family Services.
I’ll rephrase this.
Before the reforms came into place, the amount that a family received for child tax benefit was considered income and was deducted from the amount that would be paid out in income support.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Welcome, minister.
Mr. Chairman, that is a very good question for the law enforcement in terms of drugs.
There are two components to it.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This one is related to the RCMP. They hired nine additional members to their force in various communities and as a result, they do offer staff housing.
I wonder if he could break that figure down further into the different components.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I may miss a number.
I thank the minister. You mentioned earlier that $1 million is for vehicle replacements.
Why weren’t you expecting to have to purchase them?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you. That’s a good question.
Last year the vehicles were not really replaced because of lack of funding.
They were holding back on the purchase of vehicles, but the vehicles are aging.
During our discussions with them to plan the budgets, they come to an agreement and that’s how it’s such a big increase.
It also states here… . Well, my colleague mentioned this.
The new drugs are the most dangerous.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, every officer will have these packages and for all the communities, a number of things.
Those drugs are very dangerous. I fear for those who want to take drugs.
Mr. Main: I thought I was done here.
Yes, this is currently being planned by our department. We will be asking for an appropriation and we’re in the planning stages for that.
Did he say eight?
Mr. Hickes: That leads me to my next question where the example provided on what is needed for overtime it states that the BCC alone, for a three-day blizzard, costs $180,000. I think I’m in the wrong career, Mr. Chairman.
There are many staff other than the squad that are on duty. If there is a storm, then all of those people have to stay in the facility and another shift is called in as well, so that adds to the overtime costs.
Mr. MacKay, for clarification, please.
Mr. Lightstone.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
He’s got to whisper to me.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. When the RCMP does send out their members, they do it in a set time. They don’t stay in one community for a number of years.
Chairman: Thank you, Mr. Lightstone.
Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to comment on that, please.
Very good comments, Mr. Chairman, on this.
On page 5 of the bill it states $40,071,000.
If that is approved, then $42,671,000 would be the contract for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
Thank you for that information.
I’ll move on to program 3, correctional facilities overage on permanent staff overtime and casuals.
Right now we’re asking questions on law enforcement. Are there any more questions on law enforcement?
Mr. Lightstone: Yes, one last question on law enforcement.
I was just curious if or how law enforcement intends on spending $42 million up until the end of the fiscal year.
A letter dated March 16 to the Chair of the Regular Members’ Caucus, which was provided to us by the Minister of Finance.
It’s that letter that I’m referring to and it’s on page 4 of 5.
This is from a report from RCMP expenditures and what they think they’re going to spend. $2.6 million is the supplementary appropriation following the numbers we got from the RCMP. That’s what I wrote in the letter.
This line of question was already asked earlier by another member, but Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to enlighten us again, please.
I thank Minister Akeeagok.
Ms. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that clarification.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The one on the far left that says “Main Estimates,” the numbers that are bolded like the $40 million for law enforcement and registries is $11 million are already authorized main estimates.
Total Corrections. $2,600,000.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
To continue on my questioning about corrections, every year the branch has a cost overrun and if I recall correctly, those overruns are due to overtime of correctional facilities.
Is that correct?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If I recall correctly, the correctional facilities operate on a 12-hour shift basis. Is that correct?
I would just like to remind members to please mute your telephones.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We don’t have that information.
What kind of training do they receive?
Through you, I would like to have Deputy Minister MacKay to highlight that, if you will allow it.
Mr. MacKay.
Ms. Nakashuk: I’m done.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Moving to page 6.
Department of Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Not a comment, but if you may, we are going to another department.
The person who just entered on my left is the Deputy Minister of Health, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Directorate. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
I was going to ask a question under medical travel.
Are there any questions under the directorate?
I’m just wondering if we can get an update today on making these existing facilities more efficient and where that prefeasibility study is sitting at right now.
What is that preplanning going to entail and what is the current status of it?
It hasn’t gotten very far at this point, but we expect that there will be further movement once we know the new government mandate.
I’ll follow up with my colleague’s line of questioning there regarding the elders’ home operational costs.
Mr. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I’m just wondering, because it’s mentioned in here, these facilities are operated under a service contract by non-profit Nunavut societies.
What is the procedure for these societies to notify the Department of Health that they’re going to have a cost overrun?
Each of the three of them went up to $1.3 million. $855,000 is what we expect it will be next year and we have asked for that through the proper budgeting process, but we’re in a deficit of almost $900,000 for this year and that’s the reason behind it.
Correct me if I’m wrong or stop me completely, but looking at the budget, I see a lot set aside for mental health and treatment contracts. What I don’t see and I believe what is happening all over Nunavut is trauma care.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That’s my final question.
Through you, I would ask that Deputy Minister Stockley be allowed to respond in greater detail as to why the request includes another $10 million within the total figure. If you can allow her to respond to the question.
We are on Total Health Care Service Delivery of $43,100,000.
Under elders’ out-of-territory long-term residential care, you have identified the issue of dementia care.
On the same topic of elders’ out-of-territory long-term care, the last bullet under that heading identified that prior years cost of this out of territory was absorbed by regional mental health budgets.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, item No. 1, $5.9 million, Not Previously Authorized, that’s for the elders’ out-of-territory long-term residence. The main estimates for Health towards that were not identified.
This is something that has come for this year in terms of getting the elders’ care and that’s where we’re seeking that $5.9 million towards the elder care and sending them to the appropriate places. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question was more along the lines of: is the Department of Health covering any of its over-expenditures from other areas within their budget?
Through you, if I make a mistake, Deputy Minister Stockley can correct me.
If you look at what they plan to transfer, it’s quite small compared to the overage that we’re seeking for through this supplementary appropriation. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just curious why Health hadn’t done the same.
Again you’re asking for information that is very detailed which may not be available here today.
Minister Akoak…
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for recognizing that.
I’ll move on to the elders’ homes operational costs.
Moving on to the next bullet on the next page, under the topic of 24-hour care elder care, about halfway through the bullet it indicates that care is 24 hours per day, seven days a week, and that is to adhere to the Nunavut Department of Health residential care and facilities standards for elders’ homes.
Mr. Lightstone.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the question.
On the $1.5 million request for the TB clinic in Qikiqtarjuaq, recently on I believe it was February 26 the federal government made quite a lot of money available to ITK. It was something like $80 million. They set aside that money to be used for TB screening.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you.
Right now the federal government has indicated that for the 2018-19 budget, that’s the money they will use to help Inuit fight TB. It has been indicated that money will be given to Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami to use for the next five years to work in Inuit lands.
As we hear the details, we will be kept informed as ministers. That was a very good question.
It mentions in here that medical travel is driven by uncontrollable factors, including birth rates, demographics, contract increases, and etcetera.
In terms of this $15 million overage, does the department have a good feel for what is driving this trend?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll give you an example.
We have such an increase in medevacs that we have been monitoring them on a weekly basis, especially this time of year during flu season. It’s mainly respiratory-driven, so people with pneumonia, breathing problems, and those kinds of things.
In the population on the whole in Nunavut, are health conditions worsening or are they getting better?
Maybe that’s too broad of a question, but I’m just trying to understand here: are we getting ahead of the ball or is the ball catching up to us?
When it comes to this mental health overage, $10.5 million, on one hand it’s very encouraging because I think we all agree that we need to invest in mental health and it’s very important.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
I’m going to skip over to the Qikiqtarjuaq TB screening clinic. I think we would all agree that it’s a very encouraging project and that’s additional resources to address that need.
Through you, may I ask Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that?
Much of that came through the federal government. Other supplies like the bottles for sputum samples, gauze, the bedding, and things like that would have come through the Department of Health, as per our normal processes.
This is my final, final question.
A breakdown of that $8.6 million would be appreciated.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Almost all of it is by nurses.
It’s going to be through this House that we make a number of efforts.
I thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Again, I think there needs to be a serious recognition from the Minister responsible for Human Resources on how to go about filling this government’s capacity.
Just a comment.
I’ll try to make it short. Yes, it’s included in there.
Mr. Lightstone, you had another question?
My line of question falls back on both Mr. Main’s and Mr. Hickes’ questions.
Is that for all compensation and benefits for the entire department?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, that is for all compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What I mentioned earlier, the permanent salaries, the casual wages, overtime, agency nurses, if I add them all up, I think what we have tried to do and which is the reason for asking for this $8.6 million is it’s our best estimate in terms of how much will be covered under the compensation and benefits. I think that’s the closest that we can get it.
I thank you, Chair, for recognizing that it can’t be 100 percent accurate at this point until we get through our public accounts. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Mr. Chairman, please bear with me. We’re just trying to look for the 2016-17, which I don’t have right in front of me.
If you want, I can go get that. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll keep that in mind. I’ll disregard 2016-17.
Again, we’re working on numbers for 2017-18 and we’re not trying to look forward to what’s happening next year. I don’t know if Mr. Akeeagok wants… . He may not have the numbers, but Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think we’re getting too ahead. I’ll be doing a budget address in May. That will be part of the Budget Address for 2018-19.
There has been an increase in the number of patients going on medical travel.
Not Previously Authorized.
Supplementary Appropriation (Operation and Maintenance) 2017-2018, No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance Appropriation. $56,602,000.
Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2018. Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Appropriation. $56,602,000. Agreed?
Clause 4. Agreed?
Chairman: Clause 5. Agreed?
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Very quickly, I really appreciate the questions that we received, the commitment on the budgetary process that we envision for the upcoming main estimates, and the hard work that our staff have done to put together the best estimates that are in here.
Chairman: Thank you. Did you want a different witness in or no?
Moving on to Bill 4.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any general comments on the minister’s statement?
On page 4 of Bill 4. Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-2018, No. 4. Community and Government Services.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-2018, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital Appropriation. $96,000.
Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2018. Vote 2: Capital.
Total Capital Appropriation. $96,000.
Speaker: Going back to the orders of the day.
Mr. Main. Thank you.
All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker: All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Speaker: All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Welcome.
Just a few short months ago, I presided over your swearing-in as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, you have been working hard in your new roles to fulfill your important responsibilities to our territory and its people.
Tomorrow is the first official day of spring. As the light returns to our sky, we look forward to the future.
I hereby prorogue the First Session of the Fifth Legislative Assembly and summon all members to meet in this Chamber at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow for the opening of the Second Session.
Speaker: Before we get to Item 22, I wish to make a statement.
The objective of the order is to recognize individuals who have made outstanding contributions to the territory.
The order is the highest honour of Nunavut and takes precedence over all other orders, decorations, or medals conferred by the Government of Nunavut.
As of today, a total of 15 individuals have received the Order of Nunavut.
They have been recognized for their achievements and contributions in a variety of fields, including public service, the arts, education, language promotion, spiritual leadership, and economic development.
I am pleased to announce that two individuals have been chosen this year to receive the Order of Nunavut: Ms. Betty Brewster and Mr. Ludy Pudluk.
I am very glad that Mr. Pudluk is in the gallery right now.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As members will be very much aware, Betty Brewster is a renowned interpreter/translator whose career has spanned several decades.
Ludy Pudluk served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of public service, Mr. Pudluk represented the communities of the High Arctic and was instrumental in the movement that led to the creation of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that the investiture ceremony for Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk will be held during the upcoming spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The ceremony will be held here in the Chamber of the Legislative Assembly and will be televised live across the territory.
Her Honour Commissioner Nellie Kusugak will preside over the investiture ceremony in her capacity as Chancellor of the Order, and I look forward to all Members of the Legislative Assembly joining us on what I anticipate will be a wonderful occasion.
We will now return to the business of the House.
Opening Address
>>House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. Pat Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for Seniors’ Advocate; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Joelie Kaernerk
Hon. Lorne Kusugak
Adam Lightstone
John Main
(Arviat North-Whale Cove)
Emiliano Qirngnuq
(Netsilik)
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Cathy Towtongie
Conspiracy-theorizing megachurch preacher visits Nunavut
“The whole of the Arctic depends on what is happening here tonight”
"Rodney Howard-Browne, an evangelical pastor from Florida, preaches in Iqaluit on Aug. 27."
(Photo by Thomas Rohner)
By Thomas Rohner  Special to Nunatsiaq News
"A fundamentalist Christian evangelist known for conspiracy theories, climate change denial and marketing schemes brought his crusade to rid the world of the Antichrist to an Iqaluit church on Aug. 27."
"Rodney Howard-Browne, a South African immigrant to the United States, told his congregation near Tampa Bay last year that those who rule the world worship Lucifer and drink the blood of human sacrifices."
He preached for over an hour at an Iqaluit church to more than 100 people.
But his message is not for everyone.
“The whole of the Arctic depends on what is happening here tonight.
"So if you want the fire [of the holy ghost], stand here [by the altar], otherwise you can leave."
"The choice is yours,” Howard-Browne said at the end of the 2.5-hour event."
About 50 people crowded the altar.
“I didn’t fly thousands of miles to come play games here.
"I didn’t come here to be liked either, and I didn’t come here for your approval. … Remember: When Jesus was raised from the dead, he had to ask people to leave the room.”"
"The mostly Inuit audience included infants, youth and elders."
"Inside the Christian Fellowship church in Iqaluit’s Road to Nowhere neighbourhood, kids ran around and played between the rows of folding chairs."
"Outside, the church and mosque faced each other across a small parking lot, both overlooking Dead Dog Lake."
"Howard-Browne’s sermon was part of an event organized by the Bill Prankard Evangelistic Association’s Arctic Hope Project, which is based in Ottawa."
The association did not respond by Nunatsiaq News’ deadline to a request for comment.
"The evangelist’s performance, number 119 on a tour of 300 one-night city stops he plans, began about one hour into the event."
"First, a local Christian band opened the night followed by Iqaluit evangelist and singer Looee Arreak, who helped found the Christian Fellowship Church."
"Eric Gonyon, an associate pastor with Howard-Browne’s Revival Ministries International, then held a 40-minute promotional session for his boss."
"Looee Arreak, an Iqaluit evangelist and singer, performs before Rodney Howard-Browne speaks."
(Image courtesy of Revival Ministries International)
“God loves a generous giver”
Gonyon asked the audience to provide their email address on registration cards and to follow Howard-Browne on Instagram.
He gave out gift cards for Howard-Browne’s religious products.
"And he plugged Howard-Browne’s upcoming book, Killing the Planet, which he said follows the history of corrupt economic institutions over the past 200 years."
"“It’s really the spirit of the Antichrist, is what it comes down to,” Gonyon said."
Gonyon then played an 18-minute promotional video of Howard-Browne’s evangelical career.
"Towards the end of the video, Howard-Browne prayed that those who donate money to his ministry will get credit before God for the souls his ministry saves."
"“God loves a generous giver,” Howard-Browne said in the video."
Gonyon praised his boss when the video ended.
"“One sows and one reaps and together we rejoice in the harvest, so that if you sow into this, whatever comes into this ministry’s account actually goes into your account."
It’s really amazing.”
"He then handed out offering envelopes and challenged people to do their “best gift for souls,” by either cash, cheque made out to RMI Canada, credit card or via smartphone."
"“I always tell people, don’t let the biggest cheque you ever wrote be for a Sea-Doo or a new phone … let it be to revive the church and win souls."
Amen?”
Many people filled and sealed the envelopes and put them into blue plastic beach buckets passed around.
Some looked at others and held the envelopes in their hands.
One Inuk woman folded the empty envelope and put it in her purse.
The call for donations comes in a city where poverty is widespread: Nearly half of Nunavut’s population relies on social assistance amidst long-standing crises in food security and housing.
His net worth has been a closely kept secret but his website says he provides training sessions in 158 countries.
It also says people who enrol in his Aircraft Donation Program will receive tax breaks.
Gonyon told the audience to hold their offerings to Revival Ministries up in their hands.
"“Father, we just thank you for this offering, and we thank you for representing souls, that whatever comes into our account goes to their account,” Gonyon said."
Three one-foot-tall buckets of envelopes were collected.
Rodney Howard-Browne preaches over a woman who he is about to lay hands on.
Preacher counts Patterk Netser as a friend
"Fundamentalist Christian evangelism already has deep roots in Nunavut, with followers in almost every community."
"Bible conferences take place annually and, at least into the mid-2000s, were drawing bigger and bigger crowds."
"One advocate and organizer of such conferences, Roger Armbruster, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that the conferences are powerful magnets for those whose lives have been torn apart by abuse and addictions."
But Howard-Browne’s brand of capitalist and aggressive fundamental evangelism may be new to the territory.
"Patterk Netser, a long-time defender of fundamentalist Christianity and current Nunavut minister of housing and Arctic College, is what Howard-Browne calls one of his “Eskimo friends” who tell him climate change is a hoax."
"Netser declined an interview request by Nunatsiaq News but said, “Rodney is a friend of mine and we connect regularly.”"
"When asked to respond to Howard-Browne’s many run-ins with the media, which includes saying a U.S. Supreme Court Justice should be shot for insulting the American Constitution, Netser said, “What goes on in the States is none of my business."
My primary concerns are for my people and Nunavummiut.”
Rodney Howard-Browne preaches in Iqaluit on Aug. 27. (Image courtesy of Revival Ministries International)
“Tonight will be fire on ice”
"One hour into the event, Howard-Browne—the main act—took to the altar."
"“Tonight will be fire on ice,” the evangelist said to over 100 people, mostly Inuit, of all ages."
"“If you don’t want the fire, you better make a run for the door now while you can.”"
"Over the next hour, Howard-Browne’s voice rose and fell rhythmically."
He paused for effect and shouted for emphasis at times. And he told jokes.
"“I know I don’t look like I’m African, but it’s only because my parents kept me in the house most of the time, they never let me outside,” he said to scattered laughter."
“Moses was the first one to use a tablet.
He broke the first one and had to go out and get another one.
And Adam and Eve were the first ones to use an Apple product.”
"Howard-Browne rose to fame, in large part, for his laughing revival meetings where worshippers were seized with laughter for minutes at a time."
"His granddaughter was visited by the Holy Ghost when she was two years old, laughing for 12 minutes straight, Howard-Browne said."
Howard-Browne has been criticized by many in the international evangelical community.
He has been called a false teacher who substitutes Christian teachings with frenzied laughter and hysterical emotionalism. Howard-Browne has responded to that criticism by saying those who insult him are insulting the Holy Ghost and are therefore bound for hell.
"Arreak, the Iqaluit evangelist and singer who helped open the event, was the only member of the audience to be gripped by laughter during the sermon."
"“This is not a funeral, why are people sad?”"
Howard-Browne said.
Arreak laughed.
“We are serving Jesus and he is alive.”
Arreak laughed loudly.
"“I like this pastor,” he said to Arreak, whose sustained laughter grew even louder."
Howard-Browne laughed with her as others in the audience laughed softly.
“Such joy.
"With joy shall you draw forth water, out of the wells of salvation.”"
Arreak’s laughter hit a shrill pitch and echoed off the ceiling.
“This is legal.
Nobody’s going to be arrested tonight.”
"Arreak, who told Nunatsiaq News she refused to speak to media, whooped with more laughter."
"Howard-Browne also spoke in tongues, which he claimed was once understood in the obscure native dialect of a Papua New Guinea pastor."
“Man-gah-no-ra-pa-ta.
"Ran-bum-go-pah-tah,” he said."
Rodney Howard-Browne calls the audience around the altar to receive the fire of the Holy Ghost.
Not all laughs
But not everyone found Howard-Browne’s sermon captivating or funny.
He lashed out at those who tried to leave before the end of his sermon.
"Before he lay hands on a few audience members, Howard-Browne harangued two people as they left."
“Where are you going brother?
Hey.
Hey!
You leaving?”
Howard-Browne said to one man as he quietly left the church.
"“You come in here, you were filming with your phone and then you leave?"
Are you the reporter for the daily newspaper here?”
The audience laughed.
"“I wonder what he would do if I would run and grab him and bring him back in…. Find out who he is and why he’s filming and why he left,” he said to one of his staff."
"As he called the audience to the altar at the end of his sermon, Howard-Browne seized on two women sitting in the second row because he didn’t like the looks on their faces."
“Are you guys born again?
"What are you, Jehovah Witnesses?”"
The audience laughed.
“I’ve never seen people so indifferent sitting in the second row.
"So you can either jump in with the rest, or you may be better than everybody else.”"
The two women stood up and began walking out of the church.
“I’m just asking a question.
"I do this, you know, this is my job."
I know what body language is.
Don’t scoff at me.
It’s not a joke.
The whole of the Arctic depends on what is happening here tonight.”
Event staff told the audience not to take pictures or recordings.
"Meanwhile, they photographed the entire event."
That included running up to people who were sobbing as Howard-Browne laid hands on them and taking close-up pictures.
"A photo album on Revival Ministries International’s website shows pictures of nameless audience members at their most vulnerable—pained facial expressions, eyes closed, mouths wide open, or collapsing to the floor."
A woman on whom Howard-Browne just laid hands lies crying on the floor beneath a thin blanket.
"In front of her, Howard-Browne and his staff advance to lay hands on an Inuit couple."
Event originally scheduled for St. Jude’s
"That change came from those who invited Howard-Browne, a receptionist at St. Jude’s said."
Howard-Browne appears to take a different approach.
“I’m not here to appease religious people.
"If religion was going to shake the Arctic, it would’ve shaken the Arctic,” he told the audience."
Liberals claim new policy represents “profound change of direction”
"Thousands of Arctic cotton plants cover a meadow near Bathurst Inlet, Nunavut."
(File photo)
"Those matters are to be dealt with in a second phase, the framework says."
"Earlier this year, Bennett said the policy would likely be released in June."
CBC reported earlier this month that an announcement event planned for Yellowknife in August had been cancelled.
"At the heart of the Liberal policy are eight “goals,” with accompanying objectives, and 10 “principles.”"
But there’s a catch.
That’s a sign the federal government may have run into problems finding consensus among the more than 31 groups.
You can find links to the Arctic policy documents at this webpage.
Eight goals
• The rules-based international order in the Arctic responds effectively to new challenges and opportunities.
• Knowledge and understanding guides decision-making.
Ten principles
"And to help carry out all those goals and objectives, the policy document lists the following principles below, which were developed to provide “continuing guidance on implementation of the framework”:"
"• Development should be sustainable and holistic, integrating social, cultural, economic and environmental considerations."
Nunavut’s Conservative candidate blames carbon tax for raising cost of “absolutely everything”
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
By Emma Tranter
"Nunavut’s Conservative candidate says that if her party forms the next government, they would eliminate the carbon tax because it “increased the cost of absolutely everything.”"
"The carbon tax “has raised the cost of air travel, consumer goods, shipping, hunting and home ownership,” reads Aglukkaq’s campaign poster."
Aglukkaq also told Nunatsiaq News the tax would negatively affect daycares and elders’ homes by increasing heating costs.
“Every business is impacted by a carbon tax.”
Aglukkaq said.
"Aglukkaq’s platform for Nunavut has four priorities: affordability, housing, mental health and infrastructure."
"The housing portion of Aglukkaq’s campaign priorities says she will develop a comprehensive strategy that includes transitional housing, elders’ housing and housing for those with special needs."
"The federal and territorial governments also need to consider boosting private homeownership, she said."
"She said if the Conservatives formed government, that committee would remain in place."
“Will we ever completely not depend on diesel anytime soon?
"No,” she said."
"Aglukkaq said she is confident the policies already in place to consult Inuit on natural resource development will decide what will be, and won’t be, developed."
“It’s already set out in terms of how projects proceed.
"And decisions about the Arctic should be made by people of the Arctic, not Ottawa.”"
"Aglukkaq left the capital for Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on Sept. 19, her office said."
"She also plans to make stops in Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River, before making stops in the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions."
Helen Klengenberg resigns for health reasons
"Nunavut MLAs will soon launch a search for a new Nunavut languages commissioner, following the recent resignation of Helen Klengenberg from the position."
Klengenberg had served as languages commissioner since June 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
"Nunavut MLAs will soon launch a search for a new languages commissioner, following the recent resignation of Helen Klengenberg from the position."
"Klengenberg, who has served as Nunavut’s languages commissioner since June 2017, resigned recently for health reasons."
"“I anticipate that the management and services board will begin its recruitment process for this position in the near future and will make announcements as required with respect to an acting appointment,” Mikkungwak said."
"Klengenberg’s appointment in 2017 came after a lengthy search that took about a year, following the abrupt resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June of 2016."
"After that, MLAs advertised the position three times before they were able to recruit Klengenberg."
National Inuit org wants nation-building effort for Inuit Nunangat
"ITK’s election priorities include reducing inequity, building infrastructure, Inuit self-determination"
Canada’s national Inuit representative organization wants a major nation-building exercise for Inuit Nunangat “comparable in scale to the development of the trans-Canadian highway or the trans-national railway [that] connected Western and Eastern Canada.”
Canada’s national Inuit organization has issued a clarion call to whomever forms the country’s next federal government: launch a major nation-building exercise for Inuit Nunangat “comparable in scale to the development of the trans-Canadian highway or the trans-national railway [that] connected Western and Eastern Canada.”
"In support of that, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has issued a nine-point statement setting out the priorities it wants all political parties to consider during the current federal election campaign. (See document embedded below.)"
“Inuit Nunangat remains the least developed geographic region in Canada.
"Inuit experience extreme inequality compared to other Canadians, and to other Canadians in Inuit Nunangat,” ITK said in a news release."
That budget submission urges the next federal government to continue implementing an Inuit Nunangat fiscal policy for the allocation of Inuit-specific funding.
"“ITK calls on all parties to commit to implementing an Inuit Nunangat policy throughout government, to ensure that Inuit are able to access and benefit from policies, programs and initiatives that are intended to benefit our people,” ITK President Natan Obed said in the news release."
• Connecting all 51 Inuit Nunangat communities to fibre optic telecommunications by 2031.
• Eliminating the infrastructure defect in Inuit Nunangat by 2030.
• Ending the social housing backlog in all four Inuit Nunangat regions within two years.
• Creating more addictions treatment centres.
• Creating more family violence shelters and transitional housing units.
1.
Action on housing to completely fill the social housing backlog across Inuit Nunangat within the first two years after the election.
Action on strengthening the Inuit-Crown partnership.
"ITK continues its traditional non-partisan position, and does not endorse any political party."
"In the most recent CBC Canada Poll Tracker report, as of Sept. 20, the Liberal Party of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada find themselves in a statistical tie."
"The poll tracker, which aggregates all publicly available polling data, has the Conservatives at 34.7 per cent of popular support, the Liberals at 34.1 per cent, the New Democratic Party at 13.5 per cent, the Green party at 9.6 per cent, the Bloc Québécois at 4.4 per cent and the Peoples Party of Canada at 2.8 per cent."
The poll aggregator also suggests the Liberals still have a slightly greater chance of winning the most seats.
(Photo by Jane George)
By Jane George
CAMBRIDGE BAY—The Government of Nunavut has approved a new polar bear management plan.
"“We are going to do what we can do to get this in place before this season,” he said."
The plan will be in effect until 2029.
This female polar bear leaps into the water near Arctic Bay as her four cubs watch her.
(File photo by Niore Ikalukjuak)
"Of the circumpolar world’s 19 subpopulations of polar bears, 12 are found mainly in Nunavut."
"Under the new plan, it won’t make any difference if a polar bear harvested in Nunavut is a male or female, as long as the balance between males and females is maintained."
"A large grizzly bear was seen, and later shot, after roaming around an area close to Mount Pelly where there are many cabins."
"Polar bears face an uncertain future due to threats posed by climate change, according to a 2018 assessment by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada.  The committee, known as COSEWIC, once again assessed polar bears as a “special concern.”"
Nunavut standing committee extends deadline for Bill 25 submissions
Committee will accept submissions until Oct. 11 at 5 p.m.
By Emma Tranter
The original deadline for submissions was Sept. 13.
The legislative assembly will reconvene for its fall sitting Oct. 17.
Submissions can be made to:
"John Main, MLA"
"Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
"Iqaluit, NU"
X0A 0H0
Tel: (867) 975-5000
Fax: (867) 975-5191
Email: submissions@assembly.nu.ca
Inuktut Qaliujaaqpait — the product of history and determination
Here’s the Inuktut Qaliujaaqpait chart — a writing system for all dialect and all regions.
By Mary Simon
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means “united Inuit of Canada,” and there are few examples more powerful of our people taking united action to ensure the survival of our culture and language."
"It is not meant to take away or replace the writing systems Inuit are currently using in their communities, but rather to be used as a tool alongside existing writing systems that will improve communication between Inuit."
"History has challenged us as a people. Colonization ravaged our ways of life, our familial structures and our language."
Viens commission prompts apology from Quebec premier
"“Many laws, policies, standards or institutional practices in place are sources of discrimination and inequity”"
(Screenshot)
"Legault gave the apology—the first of 142 recommendations that came out of the report—in the National Assembly on Wednesday, Oct. 2, two days after retired Superior Court Justice Jacques Viens, who led the commission, released his report."
(Photo by Sarah Rogers)
"“We now expect the Government of Quebec to respond to the report’s calls for action, and this with our close involvement in their design and application,” said executive director Minnie Grey in an Oct. 2 news release."
"“Many times, in tears, my fellow Inuit testified to the commission about their experiences with the health, justice, social services, youth protection, historical injustices, and other interactions with Quebec government services,” Watt said."
Three parties vow to end Nunavut’s diesel dependence by 2030
“It’s super ambitious”
(Photo by Dustin Patar)
By Dustin Patar
Changing that would be a massive and costly undertaking.
"“It’s super ambitious,” said Martha Lenio, an Arctic renewable energy specialist with the World Wildlife Fund."
"“I think it’s doable, it’s just barely doable.”"
"By 2030, 100 per cent of Canada’s electricity will come from renewable sources."
This includes getting remote and northern communities off diesel generators.”
It isn’t enough.
"Note: This article references the federal election campaign platforms of the Green Party, the Liberal Party and the NDP."
By Nunatsiaq News
Child-care workers are currently being asked to work for less than what is needed to support themselves or their family.
Tumikuluit’s vision has consistently been to expand our reach and programming to accommodate more Inuit children.
• Incorporate operations and maintenance of all daycares in Nunavut into the existing school system.
"Sincerely,"
Laakkuluk Williamson Bathory
"Chair, Tumikuluit Saipaaqivik (Iqaluit Inuktitut Daycare Society) Board of Directors"
“I do realize this photo is from a long time ago”
"The letter-writer, who discovered the photo in her grandfather’s things after he passed away, would like to know if anyone can identify the Inuit women shown."
"Most sincerely,"
Sarah Howard
This note appears on the back of the photo of a group of Inuit women.
Inuit exert language rights at Montreal conference with Inuktut-only panel
“The name of it is Inuit Studies Conference so it makes sense … that we wanted to use an Inuit language”
"Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. president Aluki Kotierk, right, speaks on a panel entitled “Inuktut as a human right” on Thursday, Oct. 3, at the Inuit Studies Conference in Montreal."
"With her is Louis Tapardjuk, board member of Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, Nunavut’s language authority."
(Photo by Lisa Gregoire)
By Lisa Gregoire  Special to Nunatsiaq News
"Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. president Aluki Kotierk and Louis Tapardjuk, a former Nunavut government minister and board member of Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, Nunavut’s language authority, arrived on time and sat in two comfortable wingback chairs at the front of the room."
"Those who couldn’t speak Inuktitut, this writer included, sat and stared."
"“The name of it is Inuit Studies Conference so it makes sense, particularly when we’re talking about Inuit languages, that we wanted to use an Inuit language,” Kotierk said following the presentation."
"Those laws range from the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples to the calls to action and justice from the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the National Inquiry into Murdered and Missing Indigenous Women and Girls, and territorial language laws in Nunavut."
“Inuit want to live with dignity and have the human right to do so.
The woman was alone and did not speak English.
"“There are a number of protocols in that scenario that should be followed in terms of does the person have support when you’re coming with life-altering information, let alone an interpreter,” Kotierk told Nunatsiaq News."
Sometimes it’s confidential information.
"Kotierk said at the very least, Inuktut-speakers in Nunavut should have access to frontline service in their language in the areas of health care, justice and education."
"Ottawa passed its new Indigenous Languages Act in June to much criticism from NTI and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, who said it ignored most of their suggested amendments."
"Kotierk says she wants Inuit to know, “we are the ones in power."
QIA announces fees for tourism operators accessing Inuit-owned land
Fees come into effect immediately
The Qikiqtani region receives the most cruise ship visits of any region in Nunavut.
"Pond Inlet received 17 cruise ships this year, while Iqaluit received four."
"“Inuit in Qikiqtani communities have expressed concern regarding the increased amount of commercial tourism activities in the region, particularly cruise ships."
"QIA put in place these tourism operation fees to generate direct benefits for Inuit in communities impacted by tourism,” P.J. Akeeagok, QIA’s president, said in a news release."
• Plane landing on Inuit-owned land: $150 per landing
• Helicopter landing on Inuit-owned land: $100 per landing
• Commercial guest access for camping on Inuit-owned land: $50 per day
• Commercial guest access for less than six hours on Inuit-owned land: $25 per day
The other half will go to the QIA.
"“So if that ship has 350 passengers on it, we charge $25 per day per person."
The new fees will also be put up on the QIA’s land use application online registry.
D’Orazio said the QIA set the fees based on what other organizations were charging for tourism.
“It’s an exciting initiative.
"We’re leading again as an example of Inuit bringing back the benefits to the community,” Akeeagok told board members."
"The fees take effect immediately, the QIA said."
Baffinland’s massive railway-based sealift raises concerns in Pond Inlet
“Is Baffinland assuming that behind our backs NIRB or government has pre-approved the project?”
"The cargo vessel Biglift Barentsz docked at Bremerhaven, Germany, last summer."
"On top of the deck you can see two prefabricated buildings, 33 and 34 metres high, that Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. acquired from ThyssenKrupp and shipped to the Mary River mine site this summer."
(Photo © Thyssenkrupp Industrial Solutions)
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are unhappy about a massive sealift of railway materials that Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. transported to its Mary River iron mine site this summer.
"They’re concerned because, to get an early start on its big railway-based phase two expansion plan, which regulators have not yet approved, Baffinland sent two huge 10-storey pre-fabricated buildings from Bremerhaven, Germany, to the company’s port at Milne Inlet on north Baffin Island this summer."
But people in Pond Inlet are only finding out about it now.
“We wondered why and who and how they were doing that.
"We were caught by surprise by this,” Arreak said."
“We have not heard from QIA or NIRB.
I don’t know.
"They are not communicating with us,” he said."
NIRB acknowledged sealift earlier this year
"The NIRB, which did not seek comment on the issue from stakeholders, acknowledged the early sealift of railway materials in a letter sent to Baffinland this past July 25."
"One of the structures, described as a “crusher building,” is 33 metres high, 23.5 metres wide and weighs 1,470 tonnes."
"Another one, described as a “screen building,” is 34 metres high."
"That makes each building, part of a prefabricated crushing and screening plant, roughly equal in height to a 10-storey apartment building—likely higher than any other enclosed structure in the eastern Arctic."
But Baffinland does not yet have permission to use them.
"“Baffinland will clearly mark the equipment as ‘Phase 2 only—Do Not Use’ until such a time that the Phase 2 Proposal reconsideration process has been finalized,” the company wrote last July 19 in a report to the NIRB."
Materials stored on Inuit-owned land
"For Arreak and others, the process so far suggests Baffinland may believe approval of the project is already a done deal."
“Pond Inlet people are not happy.
"I don’t know,” he said."
"“Baffinland does indeed seem to have acted on the assumption that they would get approval for Phase 2,” Tester said in an emailed statement."
"This is of concern,” Tester said on behalf of the hamlet."
"“Technicalities aside, the hamlet is of the opinion that this should not have happened."
"This was clearly driven purely by financial considerations and assumptions made by Baffinland about approval for Phase 2,” he wrote."
We would be the most affected community.
That’s our concern.
"As for the non-governmental organization Oceans North, an intervenor at the upcoming public hearing on Baffinland’s expansion plan, they say they support “responsible development” of the Mary River mine."
Prefab system acquired from ThyssenKrupp
These materials that are being shipped to Milne Inlet are part of a prefabricated railway-based material handling system that Baffinland acquired from the ThyssenKrupp conglomerate in Germany.
"The two big buildings, which arrived first, were assembled in Bremerhaven, while a third structure, a rail-car unloading station, was assembled in Stettin, Poland, ThyssenKrupp said in a news release."
"ThyssenKrupp’s first shipment for Baffinland, on a vessel called the BigLift Barentsz, amounted to 5,500 tonnes of material, departing from Bremerhaven in early August."
Nunavut’s legislative assembly names new acting languages commissioner
Karliin Aariak’s appointment becomes effective Oct. 21
Karliin Aariak of Iqaluit has been appointed as Nunavut’s acting languages commissioner.
Karliin Aariak of Iqaluit will serve as Nunavut’s acting languages commissioner.
(Photo courtesy of Karliin Aariak)
"“Ms. Aariak’s professional background, which includes positions in both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, makes her well-suited to taking on these important responsibilities,” Mikkungwak said in a news release."
"The previous languages commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from office in September."
Inuit women make up about 15 per cent of the current clientele of Chez Doris
"Marina Boulos-Winton, the executive director of Chez Doris, and Cathy Wong, the city councillor for the Peter-McGill district and Speaker of Montreal city council, talk about the plans for a new 22-bed women’s shelter in downtown Montreal on Oct. 16 at a news conference at Chez Doris."
(Photo courtesy of the City of Montreal)
Many are Inuit.
"Chez Doris is familiar to many Inuit women, who make up about 15 per cent of the shelter’s clientele."
This project is certainly a step in the right direction.”
"The good news about the shelter’s expansion came less than a week after a longtime Inuk shelter client, Klara Okkuatsiajuak, originally from Nunatsiavut, passed away on Oct. 11 in hospital."
That will change with the new night shelter.
"The only women’s day shelter in Montreal, Chez Doris is now open seven days a week, from 8:30 a.m. to 3 p.m."
"Cathy Wong, the city councillor for the Peter-McGill district and Speaker of Montreal city council, said at the announcement about the new night shelter that it would give women access to “adapted services offered by people who care about their well-being and their safety.”"
Nunavut repudiates the Liberals
Mumilaaq Qaqqaq’s victory on Oct. 21 represents a repudiation of Liberal policy in Nunavut and the Arctic.
More than we or any of you can possibly remember.
"But in the end, the people of Nunavut said “no thanks.”"
"Young Mumilaaq Qaqqaq’s upset victory represents a rejection of Trudeau’s approach to Arctic and northern Canada, which includes a repudiation of the much-talked-about Inuit-Crown partnership."
"Since 2015, Trudeau has built relationships with the elite office holders at organizations like Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
"And that’s not surprising, because, in the end, on the big questions that matter most to Nunavummiut, the Liberals had little to offer."
"In doing so, he failed to respond to the suffering of Nunavummiut and he badly failed Nunavut’s highly promising Liberal candidate, Megan Pizzo-Lyall, who deserved better support from her party leader."
"And this past Aug. 1, Trudeau made a big splash in Iqaluit and in Arctic Bay, when he sealed a deal to create the Tallurutiup Imanga marine protected area and promised the creation of a new protected area called Tuvaijuittuq."
"That was early in 2018, when Jane Philpott, then the national health minister, promised to eliminate the disease from Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
"But Philpott, the federal minister who took personal charge of that file and made that promise, is gone."
"Disgusted by Trudeau’s treatment of former justice minister Jody Wilson Raybould and by his unethical interference in the prosecution of SNC-Lavalin, Philpott quit cabinet."
"Like the harvesting fund, it appears to be stuck somewhere inside the Inuit-Crown partnership. This suggests that their bold anti-TB promise is now in jeopardy."
"Qaqqaq defeated two highly talented opponents, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall."
"That’s an $80-million difference, Main said."
"“I look at my colleagues here and we have a lot of suggested uses for $80 million,” Main said."
The federal funds come from the rural and northern communities infrastructure stream of the Investing in Canada Plan.
"“Did it go through the preplanning stages, yes or no?”"
Kaernerk asked Kusugak.
“The planning has been done and trying to come up to a definitive figure as to how much it would cost.
Main asked.
"So we will be looking at sometime down the road in future fiscal years, be looking at additional funds to complete out this project,” he added."
"Nunavik needs its own riding, says Makivik president"
By Elaine Anselmi
"Makivik Corp. president Charlie Watt didn’t mince his words about Nunavik’s political landscape when he sent his congratulations to the region’s new MP, Sylvie Bérubé."
“We need this at the provincial level as well.”
"Abitibi–James Bay–Nunavik–Eeyou is the largest federal riding in Quebec, extending from Nunavik south to the La Vallée-de-l’Or regional county municipality, where four of the six 2019 federal candidates reside, including Bérubé of the Bloc Québécois."
"Across Quebec, they average around 100,000 people per riding, with Abitibi–James Bay–Nunavik–Eeyou on the lower end with about 85,000 people."
"Bérubé won the northern Quebec riding with more than 11,000 votes, or nearly 40 per cent, followed by the Liberal and Conservative party candidates."
"Watt congratulated Green Party candidate Kiara Cabana-Whiteley, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, who came in fifth with just over 1,000 votes."
"“However, on the issue of Quebec sovereignty, Inuit have a solid history of supporting a united Canada.”"
"For Nunavut’s new NDP MP, Mumilaaq Qaqqaq of Baker Lake, he had hopeful words."
“We were all young back then.
"You’ll do well Mumilaaq, and I look forward to meeting you and working on Inuit self-determination together, for the next generation.”"
"Expand use of anti-RSV agent in Nunavut, thousands of petitioners say"
"“For the Inuit, you save money because of the high rate of RSV”"
Their petition says the Government of Nunavut could prevent multiple needless deaths and admissions to hospital of infants by extending the use of an antibody called palivizumab to all babies under the age of six months.
"Palivizumab is an immunization agent, though not a vaccine, and is marketed under the brand name Synagis."
"It’s been proven effective in preventing lower lung infections in infants caused by RSV, short for “respiratory syncytial virus,” which attacks the lower part of the lung, causing a frightening disease called bronchiolitis."
"But Dr. Michael Patterson, the chief medical officer of health in Nunavut, told Nunatsiaq News in an interview that the GN only gives palivizumab to about 11 to 12 per cent of all children younger than two years of age."
"“We do it selectively, for children that are at the greatest risk of severe complications from RSV, and groups where there is demonstrated real-world benefit in giving them palivizumab,” he said."
"Banerji, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Toronto’s faculty of medicine, has published multiple studies over the past decade and a half on the prevalence and cost of RSV in the Arctic."
"Dr. Anna Banerji, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Toronto’s faculty of medicine, says her research demonstrates that immunizing all Inuit infants with an antibody called palivizumab would save lives and money."
Nunavut’s staggering costs make it worthwhile
"The antibody is expensive: about $5,600 per dose."
"But even at that price, Banerji and many others believe it’s a bargain."
"“We did several cost analyses that shows that in most parts of the Arctic that if you give palivizumab, it saves money,” she said in an interview."
"“For the Inuit, you save money, because of the high rate of RSV,” she said."
Head of Ontario physicians group supports petition
"Despite this disparity, Inuit infants in Nunavut do not get the antibody,” Gandhi wrote in his endorsement."
Banerji says that’s the wrong approach.
“I’ve done my due diligence.
"Carolyn Bennett, Jane Philpott, they’ve seen the data and they say yeah, it’s really convincing,” she said."
Nunavik immunizes all babies
"And she points out that, unlike Nunavut, health authorities in Nunavik have given palivizumab to all infants for about three years now."
"“We are following the progress of that program,” he said."
Angnakak said that RSV can have a devastating impact on families.
“It’s not a political or a policy decision based on cost.
"It’s following best medical practices,” Hickes said."
Patterson acknowledged that Nunavik went ahead three years ago with blanket immunizations of all infants under six months.
"“We are waiting for some analyses on those numbers, and if we can find demonstration that there’s significant cost savings to administering palivizumab, we would probably adopt it as quickly as we could,” Patterson said."
"But he said that in his opinion, there isn’t enough evidence to justify extending its use in Nunavut."
"There are still a lot of people with questions,” he said."
The controversy over the use of palivizumab in Nunavut dates back many years.
Model tiny home arrives in Kuujjuaq
Nunavik Building offers a small housing solution
"A model tiny house, from Nunavik Building, was shipped up to Kuujjuaq on the sealift this summer."
(Photo courtesy Nunavik Building)
The first of a series of tiny homes developed for Nunavik arrived on the sealift in Kuujjuaq this summer.
"“I wanted to show people what kind of quality of house we are building for the North,” said Willie Gadbois, co-founder of Nunavik Building, a home designer and developer with offices in Kuujjuaq and Napierville, Quebec."
"About a decade ago, Gadbois, a Kuujjuaq-based plumber, furnace repairman and housebuilder, met building expert Claude Jannelle."
"“We started talking about affordable housing in the North,” Gadbois said."
“Housing in the North is so expensive.
That’s where it started.”
"From that, they’ve developed designs for tiny homes that take the northern elements into consideration."
The houses have metal siding and roofing to withstand high winds and last longer than other commonly used materials.
"“I think that’s the way to go in the North,” Gadbois said."
(Courtesy Nunavik Building)
"The house on show in Kuujjuaq is a one-bedroom unit, at just under 5 metres wide and 10 metres long."
The bedroom sits just back of that and behind it is the bathroom.
"“We’re trying to build affordable houses that are comfortable and don’t have problems with infiltration of water,” said Gadbois."
"“In the future, if everything goes good, we’re talking about building a factory in the North,” he said."
“But that takes a lot of money.”
"“We’re open and ready to give quotations and ready to build houses,” said Gadbois."
“We’re ready to help people out that need houses.”
"“Can still drive boats to mainland, which is very unusual for Gjoa Haven."
(Photo by Willie Aglukkaq)
By Dustin Patar
"Last October, when Juuta Sarpinak of Igloolik set off on a seal hunt, he took his snowmobile."
"Across Nunavut and the rest of the Arctic, the same scenario is playing out."
"“It’s the latest I’ve ever seen it freeze up in my lifetime,” said Willie Aglukkaq, who’s lived in Gjoa Haven for nearly 40 years."
He’s right.
"As of Oct. 15, sea ice levels hit 5.118 million square kilometres, making them the lowest on record, which began in 1968."
April also saw the least amount of sea ice ever recorded.
This was then followed by a record-setting July.
"In August, the ice loss slowed."
"“We were tied for the second-lowest [amount of ice] with 2007 and 2016, but quite a bit above 2012,” said Walt Meier, a senior research scientist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center."
"“But now we’re actually below 2012 levels for this time of year because it’s a slow freeze-up—2012 recovered pretty quickly, but we’ve been very sluggish in growing ice this year.”"
"As of Oct. 15, sea ice levels dropped below those from 2012, which previously held the record."
(Graph courtesy of the NSIDC)
"But Arctic air temperatures through October have been unseasonably warm, much like the previous six months."
"“It was a pretty extreme summer,” said Meier."
(Photo courtesy of UNEP)
"“Under the influence of global heating caused by human-induced greenhouse gases emissions, we have seen a sharp decrease in the extent of Arctic sea [ice] since 1979,” says Pascal Peduzzi, Director of GRID-Geneva, in a press release published by the UN Environment Programme (UNEP)."
"Much like the scenario currently playing out across the Arctic this year, declining sea ice has amplified Arctic warming over the last several decades."
"According to the press release, “Temperatures increased by around 0.5°C per decade between 1982 and 2017, primarily due to increased absorbed solar radiation accompanying sea ice loss since 1979."
This season isn’t an exception.
"But while the year-to-year trend continues on, ice coverage this year is on the rebound."
"“It’s just finally starting to freeze,” said Aglukkaq."
"Over the last 10 days, since Oct. 20, sea ice coverage has increased by almost 1.5 million square kilometres, including the water near Gjoa Haven."
(Photo by Dustin Patar)
“I’m very much hoping that you are a Montreal Canadiens fan?”
asked Coun. Joanasie Akumalik.
"After several long moments of silence, Howard shook his head and responded, “Nope.”"
"Howard, who originally grew up in Hamilton, came to Iqaluit by way of Meaford, Ontario, a small town near Collingwood on Georgian Bay."
"During a decade-long career as an emergency medical technician with the Canadian Forces, he’s spent time near Arviat living in a tent during the height of winter."
"“So I understand snow, I understand cold, but that offers its own unique challenges."
"“The statistics for this department are staggering,” said Howard."
"“This is a busy, busy place and they’ve stayed afloat with what they have.”"
"As long as we’re moving forward and we’re not taking any steps backwards, I’ll be happy,” said Howard."
"“For me, it’s an exciting opportunity."
"It’s exciting, all the things we’re trying to do and then building off what we already do really well.”"
"Going back to the first question he was asked as the city-appointed director of emergency services, “I’m a Toronto fan,” said Howard with a smile."
Bedbug sightings raise alarm among Nunavik patients in Montreal
This is the hungry critter you don’t want to find in your room: a bedbug.
This photo shows the bedbug that Cecilia Kutchaka saw last month on a bedsheet while in her mother’s room at the Quality Hotel on Cote de Liesse in Dorval.
(Photo courtesy of Cecilia Kutchaka)
"In mid-October Cecilia Kutchaka was visiting her mother at the Quality Hotel on Cote de Liesse in Dorval when she got a fright: under the bed cover she said she found a bedbug, of which she took a photo."
Nunatsiaq News was unable to get a statement from the Nunavik Regional Board of Health or the Module du Nord québécois that deals with Nunavik patients in Montreal about the bedbug sightings and how they deal with these situations.
But the MNQ has spoken about its concerns in an email to Adbel Nour.
"“It appears that the client-residents at the hotel are verbalizing a bedbug problem and are refusing to stay at the hotel,” wrote George Delatolla, the head of lodging at Ullivik, on Oct. 16."
We need to assure arriving residents that the bedbug issue has been looked into and taken care of.”
Ullivik reportedly treats patients’ bags before they enter the residence.
That there are bedbugs in Montreal is undeniable: a bug infestation closed government offices at the huge Complexe Guy-Favreau last month.
"And if there are bedbugs afoot where there are patients from the North, it would not be the first time, as was the case in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"With another tube, the bedbug sucks out blood, usually for about five minutes."
"The good news is that bedbugs don’t like low temperatures, which cause them to go into hibernation and die."
"To guard against bedbugs when you’re travelling, inspect the headboard of the bed, look at the mattress and don’t leave your bag on the bed."
"Baffinland hearing abruptly ends, with sessions cancelled in Pond Inlet"
“Inuit have to be part of the process.
"It affects every part of Inuit lives,” says NTI president"
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
By Emma Tranter and Elaine Anselmi
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board hearing on Baffinland Iron Mines Corp.’s proposed expansion of its Mary River mine has been abruptly adjourned, with two days of meetings in Pond Inlet now cancelled."
"On Wednesday, Nov. 6, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. president Aluki Kotierk brought forward a motion to immediately suspend the final public hearing and defer its continuation for eight months to one year."
"Baffinland officials sat stone-faced, sometimes crossing their arms and looking down at the table as Kotierk spelled out the motion."
The people have to be consulted and have a meaningful discussion.
"It affects every part of Inuit lives,” she said."
"The NIRB ruled in favour of NTI’s motion, suspending the hearing and cancelling the Pond Inlet sessions."
"Akeeagok said the motion was not pre-conceived, but came together on the final day of the hearing."
Baffinland staff watch as Kotierk introduces the motion to adjourn.
"“The information we’ve been given is watered down and it’s not enough,” said Peter Ivalu, representing the Hamlet of Igloolik."
"Megan Lord-Hoyle, vice-president of sustainable development for Baffinland, said delaying the hearing would cause “immediate ramifications” to the business."
"“But we will do everything possible to survive and protect the employment of 3,000 Canadians, 476 of which are Inuit."
We need to know that Inuit will work with us.
"We need some time to determine the ramifications on the business,” Lord-Hoyle said."
“We’re not opposed to Mary River at all.
We own the Inuit-owned lands that they’re on.
"We support Inuit employment,” he said."
That’s what really hits home to me.
"I think that’s the basis of any decision, no matter what culture you’re from,” he said."
Nunavut MLAs approve amendments to Income Tax Act
And Nunavut’s corporate tax rate for small businesses has dropped from 4 per cent to 3 per cent.
"“Our government is taking significant action to recycle carbon revenues back into our economy,” said Finance Minister George Hickes."
"Adam Lightstone, MLA for Iqaluit-Manirajak, raised concerns that, with income taxes being cut, the government would come to depend on carbon tax revenues to fund government operations."
"We’re very reliant on those own source revenues that we do generate to meet our operational needs,” said Lightstone."
“Why is it that the government is using carbon tax revenues to fund government operations?”
"“A very small part of the carbon tax revenue that we collect is going to stay with the Government of Nunavut and it’s basically to offset our own carbon,” responded Hickes, who added, “I don’t think the public would be very fond of us if we took these carbon revenues and put them into our general revenue and didn’t pass on any of these savings to the consumer.”"
"He also expressed concern that the carbon tax funds being transferred to the territorial government aren’t being used in the way they were intended, to reduce Nunavut’s carbon footprint."
"With that being said, I have put forward rough ideas and recommendations to this government on numerous occasions about ideas to incentivize or introduce programming to encourage Nunavummiut to adopt energy efficiency initiatives,” said Lightstone."
"In 2019-20, the Government of Nunavut expects to raise over $12 million in carbon taxes."
That will be broken down as follows:
• $3.6 million for the new Nunavut Carbon Rebate Program.
• $6.2 million will be returned to Nunavummiut and Nunavut businesses this year through the Income Tax Act amendment.
"“Given the 50 per cent rebate at the pump plus this additional 50 per cent usage of the carbon tax revenues, why is there so little room being left behind for energy efficiency initiatives?”"
“The purpose of the carbon tax is to reduce consumption of fossil fuel and greenhouse gasses and address climate change.
"Despite Lightstone’s objections, the bill passed."
Hickes said he’s open to ideas on how to further use carbon tax revenues to reduce Nunavut’s carbon footprint.
Government of Nunavut releases annual tourism report for 2018-2019
"Passengers on a One Ocean expedition cruise in zodiacs near Digges Island, on the north-western tip of the Ungava Peninsula."
(Photo by Emma Tranter)
"The Qikiqtaaluk region had 95,600 visits, with just over half (53.2 per cent) of those visits to Iqaluit with a total of $75.1 million spent."
Cambridge Bay was the dominant community visited in the Kitikmeot.
"Those cruise ships carried a total of 3,404 passengers."
"Most of the information included in the report comes from the department’s visitor exit survey from 2018, which surveyed cruise ship operators and other visitors to the territory last year."
"It also notes that although tourism is driven by private sector development, it requires government support to flourish."
"Training has long been a recognized need for the tourism sector in Nunavut,” the report states."
"According to the report, all of the GN’s current tourism surveyors are Inuit."
"• Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voices from Nunavut exhibition: $50,100"
"• Jerry Cans tour: $48,383"
"• Hamlet of Igloolik, Creation of Igloolik Arts: $81,785"
"• Artcirq, Unikkaaqtuat production: $99,872"
"• Nunavut Development Corporation and the Winnipeg Art Gallery’s new store: $225,000 over three years"
"Mary River: if financial viability is a factor, then prove it"
Regulators should demand that Baffinland produce financial evidence
Participants sit inside Iqaluit’s Cadet Hall on the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s public hearing on Baffinland Iron MInes Corp.’s railway-based expansion proposal for Mary River.
"At the same time, the fate of Baffinland’s multibillion dollar, multigenerational iron mine is now shrouded in uncertainty."
"When this editorial was written, the review board had yet to decide on a motion from Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. that, if accepted, would delay proceedings for eight to 12 months."
"But QIA’s business arm, the Qikiqtaaluk Corp., has declared its enthusiastic support for the idea."
So has Arctic Co-operatives Ltd.
"As for Baffinland, its vice-president of sustainable development, Megan Lord-Hoyle, reacted by claiming that the company is now concerned about the project’s very survival, saying, “we will do everything possible to survive and protect the employment of 3,000 Canadians, 476 of which are Inuit.”"
"Just this week, Baffinland confirmed to Nunatsiaq News that it has laid off 490 non-Inuit contract workers and 96 Inuit contract workers."
That leads directly to what has emerged as one of the biggest unanswered questions surrounding the project: Mary River’s financial health.
"Baffinland claims that the mine’s financial viability cannot be guaranteed unless regulators permit them to build a 110-kilometre railway to Milne Inlet and raise production to 12 million tonnes a year, which would require up to 176 voyages through the environmentally sensitive waters of Eclipse Sound."
"On Aug. 31 of that year, the NIRB recommended the federal government say no to an earlier and smaller annual production increase request—from 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore to six million tonnes."
"So Baffinland and its partner, QIA, swung into action."
Why?
Because of money.
Ottawa agreed.
"“We are also concerned about the long-term viability of the Mary River mine and cognizant of QIA’s concern that the economic viability of the project depends on the production increase proposal,” Leblanc wrote on Sept, 30, 2018, in a letter co-signed by Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett."
"For example, the review board ruled a lengthy financial document acquired by Oceans North is “irrelevant” and should not be put on the review board’s public registry."
(The document remains on our website.)
"In response, NIRB deferred a decision on the matter, which makes no sense."
"So should Baffinland’s landlord, QIA."
"Yes, as many intervenors have said, there are multiple unanswered questions surrounding Baffinland’s latest expansion proposal, related to the railway’s impact on caribou, the impact of ships on narwhal, the project’s low Inuit employment numbers, and much more."
Healthy economic growth lets Quebec deliver on commitments earlier than promised
Children and educators are seen at the Aqaivik child-care centre in Kangiqsualujjuaq in 2016.
"On Nov. 7, 2019, those contributions were eliminated, bringing the cost of daycare back to a flat rate of $8.25 per day."
(Photo courtesy of nunavikchildcare.ca)
By Elaine Anselmi
"With this funding, the province is eliminating the additional contribution required of families for childcare that was put in place under Philippe Couillard’s provincial Liberal government in 2016."
"Families with an income of less than about $50,000 saw no additional contribution."
"The Nov. 7 announcement will return Quebec’s daycare rate to a flat fee of $8.25, eliminating the additional contribution for all income levels."
Premier Francois Legault’s government originally pitched a gradual elimination of the additional contribution that would see it fully removed by 2022.
The healthy economy and newfound surplus of $4 billion for 2019-20 are effectively speeding up that process.
"This allowance is tied to income, with a minimum allowance of $1,000 and maximum of $2,515 per year."
"“Today, we are completing the implementation of several measures that will benefit Quebecers,” Girard said."
“Peter was well-respected for his commitment to public service and his environmental advocacy”
That happened after the Northern Transportation Co. Ltd. had shipped gasoline supplies to Nunavut that destroyed snowmobile engines all over the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
"He sought re-election to the legislature in October 2017, but finished third behind Alan Rumbolt."
"“Peter was well-respected for his commitment to public service and his environmental advocacy,” Mikkungwak said in his statement."
"Nunavik’s new MP says she will push for housing money, implementing UNDRIP"
MP Sylvie Bérubé won the Abitibi-James Bay-Nunavik-Eeyou riding in the October federal election.
(Photo courtesy of Sylvie Bérubé/Facebook)
MP Sylvie Bérubé won the Abitibi-James Bay-Nunavik-Eeyou riding in the fall federal election with 37.7 per cent of the vote.
"“I wish to clearly report the needs in the Indigenous communities,” she said."
"In the Bloc Québécois election platform, the party stated the province would need 10,000 homes over the next decade."
"“I look forward to meeting with her, and receiving her support for our work on self-determination, and on issues such as the implementation of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples,” Watt said."
"Two versions of the bill were put forward by her predecessor, outgoing NDP MP Romeo Saganash."
"Introduced in 2018, Bill C-262 was held up by Conservative senators this spring but the Liberal government’s representative in the chamber, Senator Peter Harder, said if re-elected, the Liberal government was committed to making it law."
"“If you’re wise, you’ll keep your expectations low”"
"Jane Philpott, then the Indigenous services minister, is seen on March 23, 2018, with ITK President Natan Obed, while promising that the federal government will eliminate tuberculosis from Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
That’s no surprise.
"The Liberal government signalled that themselves, with their dump-and-run release of the much-delayed Arctic and northern policy framework the day before the campaign period officially started."
"During the election campaign, Indigenous-specific issues, many of which overlap with northern issues, didn’t get much attention either."
Here’s just one example.
It concerns one of the most significant promises to the North the Trudeau government has made since gaining power in 2015: to eliminate 50 per cent of tuberculosis cases from Inuit Nunangat by 2025 and to eliminate the disease entirely by 2030.
"That included a starter fund of $27.5 million over five years, the spending of which is “self-determined” by the four members of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami."
"But that bold pledge already smells like a broken promise. For starters, the TB elimination campaign has lost its most credible and competent federal government champion: Jane Philpott, the Indigenous services minister who made that promise."
She quit Trudeau’s cabinet this past March 4 to protest his shabby treatment of Jody Wilson-Raybould.
"Since then, a cone of silence has descended on the Arctic tuberculosis issue."
"For example, in Nunatsiavut, where the active TB rate between 2006 and 2016 was recorded at 248.5 per 100,000, health authorities have done only one community-wide screening."
(One major exception is the Inuvialuit settlement region of the Northwest Territories.
"There, no active TB cases were reported between 2007 and 2016.)"
Tuberculosis is a disease of poverty.
But it’s true.
"The median income in 2015 for those aged 15 and over was $18,933."
"If you’re wise, you’ll keep your expectations low."
"If you don’t, you’d better prepare yourself for a big letdown."
"Note: The quoted statistics on TB prevalence are sourced from ITK’s Inuit Tuberculosis Elimination Framework, released in November 2018."
The statistics on Cape Dorset are sourced from a Statistics Canada report based on data gathered during the 2016 census.
New year will see new recruits and tech for Nunavik police
The Kativik Regional Police Force is introducing new recruits and body-worn cameras in early 2020.
(Photo by Elaine Anselmi)
Police chief Jean-Pierre Larose updated councillors at the Kativik Regional Government meeting on Nov. 26 on progress so far.
"In September, there were 20 SQ officers in Nunavik."
Cultural awareness training kicks off
An Inuit cultural awareness training program for KRPF officers is also now online as of Nov. 18.
"“This part of the training will help KRPF select its new officers based on their cultural sensitivity,” Larose said."
Cameras to be worn by officers
"This is a pilot project, with six cameras currently ready for use."
Kuujjuaq councillor Jobie Tukkiapik was hopeful the cameras would provide reassurance to people who have had negative experiences with the police.
"They are intimidated by police,” Tukkiapik said."
“These body cameras need to be used.”
"He hoped the cameras, which record events the officer is involved in, would be put to use as soon as possible."
He also responded that any aggressive or inappropriate behaviour would not be accepted on the force.
"“I fired a police officer last week that was not conforming to our goal for policing in Nunavik,” he said."
Nunavut’s neighbours gather to discuss the future of renewable energy in the Arctic
"Representatives from Greenland, Canada and U.S. talk ideas and lessons learned"
(Photo courtesy of US Consulate General)
"Participants from Nunavut, Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and the United States discussed the failures of different projects in their respective regions."
"The workshop, called Optimizing Operations, Integrating New Technologies and Engaging Stakeholders, was organized by the U.S. Department of State in partnership with the Government of Nunavut and the Qulliq Energy Corp."
"Bruno Pereira, president of QEC, said the workshop was a chance to learn from each other."
"But they face some of the same challenges we face, in terms of logistics, getting the technical skills in those communities, so we do see similarities.”"
"But in Greenland, installing wind turbines has proved difficult, according to Niels Erik Hagelqvist, a technical special advisor on renewable energy in Nuuk."
Pereira said there is a lot to learn through discussions with Nunavut’s Arctic neighbours.
The Nunavut government needs to involve Inuit more in its Education Act overhaul: NTI
"By Aluki Kotierk  President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc."
This is a fundamental policy change that will affect many Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut.
"As such, Inuit have the right to participate in its development and design."
Aluki Kotierk
"President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc."