TV report left badly shaken after sex pest kisses her live on air
Sara Rivest recoiled at the man's attempted embrace while reporting on a bourbon festival in Louisville, Kentucky, on Wednesday.
After their encounter, Rivest shared a clip on Twitter, writing: "Hey mister, here's your 3 seconds of fame. How about you not touch me? Thanks!!"
And Rivest appeared on WAVE's evening news bulletin Monday to condemn the man again.
She conceded that people were perfectly entitled to behave foolishly in her shot while she was reporting from a public place.
It was an exertion of power over me, a woman - trying to do her job - who couldn't stop him.
Why the Queen made an error of judgement on proroguing Parliament - Joyce McMillan
Once, long ago, a committee I sat on had some dealings with people from Buckingham Palace; not the Royal Family itself, but a small group of senior officials.
I suppose that even 20 years on, it's a beheading offence to give precise details of what they said on the subject of the Queen's role in the planned official opening of the new Scottish Parliament, on 1 July 1999; but I can say that they were an impressive crew, much more politically savvy about the constitutional nuances of devolution than most UK Government representatives at the time, and much more sharply aware - given their vast experience across the Commonwealth - that political self-determination is one thing, and the role of the monarch as head of state is another.
Amid all the sound, fury, and swings of the constitutional wrecking-ball that have accompanied the latest traumatic episode in Britain's Brexit crisis, one question has therefore been nagging at the back of my mind; the question of what exactly happened on the morning of 28 August, when Jacob Rees-Mogg, as Lord President of the Council, presented himself at Balmoral, where the Queen was on her usual late summer holiday, to seek the royal assent to the exceptional five-week prorogation of Parliament proposed by the Prime Minister.
Yet it is a sub-plot worthy of a one-act play in its own right; and perhaps not one of those jolly, reassuring ones in which the Queen is portrayed as an infinitely wise and perceptive old lady, who has seen 13 prime ministers come and go, and will doubtless outlast the 14th.
For the truth is that on that day, the Queen and her advisers seem to have made an error of judgment, of the kind they have almost entirely avoided, in her 67-year reign to date; and arguably a much more serious one than the intervention in the Scottish independence referendum suggested by David Cameron in his memoir, which, after all, amounted to no more than the Queen suggesting people "think carefully" before casting their votes, a phrase which only a dyed-in-the-wool Unionist would interpret as meaning that they should necessarily vote for the status quo.
This time, though, warning bells should have sounded in the royal household as soon as they heard that the new Prime Minister was proposing such a long prorogation in the run-up to the Brexit deadline date; and a couple of quick concerned phone calls from palace to Downing Street should have been enough to persuade the PM to shorten his pre-Queen's Speech prorogation to the usual length of a few days or a week.
To the royal household, after all, past custom and practice is 99 per cent of the law.
It may be that Johnson and Rees-Mogg genuinely caught the Queen off guard, at a holiday period when many key people were not available.
It is 42 years, after all, since punk poet John Lydon of the Sex Pistols first noisily linked the Queen with the idea of a "fascist regime"; and although the history of postwar Europe strongly suggests that there is no inevitable connection between royalty and reactionary politics, it can be argued that the 1970s punk movement at least tried to open up a conversation about monarchy and democracy, one which the UK has since failed to pursue.
Whatever the truth about the Queen's role in the prorogation, though, this much is clear; that as the current Brexit crisis is testing Britain's unwritten constitution to its limits, and provoking a dangerous moment of open constitutional warfare among government, parliament and the courts, it has also succeeded in undermining the monarch's conventional stabilising role in that constitution, associating her with a rash act that has now been declared unlawful, by a government that commands no parliamentary majority.
In 1977, Lydon and the Sex Pistols famously warned that "there is no future for you, in England's dreaming."
Yet now, England's fierce dream of a glorious past, filtered through layers of 21st-century lies and delusion, is starting to shape all of our futures on these islands; and we will all have to live in that landscape of dream or nightmare, until we find our own ways - with or without the Queen, and inside or outside the UK - of resisting the lies, rejecting the illusion, and coming together to re-engage with reality of our lives, as citizens of the 21st century.
How much is Kelvin Flecther being paid for Strictly Come Dancing?
The father-of-one is said to have been paid something in the region of £25,000 and £40,000 to take part in the 17th series of Strictly Come Dancing.
With Kelvin being a strong competitor there is every possibility he could walk away with £100,000 if he wins the entire competition.
Kelvin first joined Emmerdale at the tender age of six-years-old in 1996.
He played the part of Andy Sugden for 20 years, before quitting the role in 2016 for good.
During an appearance on This Morning, the actor opened up about his decision to leave the ITV soap.
Speaking to host Emmon Holmes and Ruth Langsford, he explained: "Twenty years is a long time.
Wollstonecraft's only house for sale going under the hammer
The north shore housing market is in the grip of a stock shortage, especially in the popular suburb of Wollstonecraft.
According to realestate.com.au, there are just 11 properties currently on the market.
It has a price guide of $2.75 million.
"It's very rare for this type of thing to come up," he said.
This property hasn't changed hands since 1987.
The four-bedroom, full-brick home offers plenty of space and is directly opposite Badangi Reserve.
It is also within walking distance of Wollstonecraft Station, Berry Island Reserve and the harbour foreshores.
Drug-driving crashes double in just five years as RAC accuses government of 'complacency'
Number of road accidents caused by drug-driving more than doubled in 5 years
DfT said 1,321 crashes were caused by drivers under influence of drugs last year
RAC said statistics worrying, accused the Government of complacency
The number of road accidents caused by drug-driving has more than doubled in five years.
There were 1,321 crashes caused by drivers under the influence of drugs last year, compared to 594 in 2013, the Department for Transport (DfT) said on Thursday.
They have emergency lay-bys every 1.5 miles instead.
That is set to almost double to 788 miles by April 2025 under the Government's road strategy.
And the DfT statistics suggest that tougher penalties on mobile phone use are working.
Some worrying trends are emerging here that require immediate investigation, to understand the reasons for these increases and what can be done to reduce them.
'In addition, the Government's data suggests an increase in motorway collisions where at least one driver has been under the influence of illegal drugs.'
I have also asked the Department to urgently look at technological interventions to help reduce the number of young drivers killed."
African Cooperation On Peace 'Increasingly Strong', Security Council Told
African countries are building increasingly strong partnerships for advancing peace and security, as well as inclusive sustainable development across the continent, the Security Council heard on Thursday, during a briefing by the UN Secretary-General's Chef de Cabinet, Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti.
Ms. Viotti recognized the African Union and Member States' success in achieving important milestones in their pursuit for higher effectiveness, self-reliance and cooperation, and welcomed the work of the African Union Mediation Support Unit and the FemWise Network of African Women in Conflict Prevention and Mediation, which are, she said, "boosting capacity to defuse crises and making such efforts more inclusive."
Progress evident at regional and country level
Ms. Viotti went on to outline some of the progress being made in certain African countries, such as the peace talks, led by the African Union, in the Central African Republic which led a Political Agreement which is being overseen by the UN; the signing of a Constitutional Declaration in Sudan, which has allowed for the establishment of a civilian-led government, following efforts led by Ethiopia and the African Union (AU), with UN support; and free and fair elections in Madagascar, supported by the Southern Africa Development Community, the African Union, and UN.
The UN and AU, she continued, are cooperating closely to ensure that the voices of women and youth are integral to peace processes, and both organizations have youth envoys and strategies, acting as advocates and agents of change.
More effective support needed from international community
For example, more predictable, flexible and sustainable financing for African Union-led peace support operations is needed; more political will and resources for peacebuilding and sustaining peace efforts; and active support for the AU Initiative on Silencing the Guns.
"Building partnerships and harnessing their power requires long-term vision and commitment," Ms. Viotti told the Security Council, adding that the Secretary-General is looking forward to "even greater partnership and collaboration, enabling the African Union to achieve its 2063 vision of equitable, people-centred transformation and lasting peace and security."
Belfast High Court dismisses no-deal Brexit case
Three applicants appealed against a Belfast High Court judgment that rejected their challenge against the UK government's handling of the Brexit process.
The three challenges focused on various aspects of a no-deal Brexit on 31 October.
One that argued the Government's Brexit policy will damage the Northern Ireland peace process was previously dismissed by the High Court.
"I, along with many other people, believe that it will affect the peace process," he said.
We did not take this case to alarm people, it is what I believe in.
"It would be nice if in the coming years people can come across and say: "Look Raymond, you were wrong."
However, it is a fear I have that the peace process will be affected."
Shirley Ballas health: Strictly star to remove breast implants to reduce cancer risk
Shirley's mother and aunt both have cancer and as such she made the decision to remove her implants to reduce her risk.
According to The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), there is a possible association between breast implants and the development of breast-implant associated anapaestic large cell lymphoma (BIA-ALCL), an uncommon cancer of the immune system.
However, FDA did note that it doesn't necessarily mean that implant cause it and further research is need to understand the relationship between the condition and breast implants.
Speaking to The Sun, Shirley was told "there's no guarantee that we can ever really see behind the back of the implants," which made her realise it could be difficult for doctors to detect any cancers.
Usually I don't get tired and I'm like an Energizer bunny.
But if they take out the scar tissue it would involve bigger surgery and perhaps a reconstruction.
But I don't want any implants in.
I don't want any foreign bodies in my body.
If you suspect you or anyone you may know might have these signs it's imperative to speak with your GP who will recommend you to a specialist if needs be.
'Grey's Anatomy' Season 16 debuted and people have feelings
From Amelia Shepherd (played by Caterina Scorsone) using her date with Atticus Lincoln a.k.a. Dr. Link (Chris Carmack) to float the idea of a three-way, to Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) facing the threat of losing her medical license, there was plenty of "OMG" moments.
"Omg the new episode of grey's anatomy... amelia... sweetie," one person tweeted.
Character Jo Karev (Camilla Luddington) also got some major support from husband Alex (Justin Chambers) after she checked into a psychiatric facility for 30 days to deal with her issues.
He dropped to one knee and proposed to her all over again.
"Marry me again, please," Alex said.
No. of women in science field far from satisfactory; need to increase participation: President Kovind
Mr Kovind called upon the scientific community to take calculated risk.
Fast broadband roll-out held up by legal requirement on landlords
Thousands of central London residents are being "locked out" of the quickest broadband by a legal requirement for landlords to give permission before fibre can be installed.
Figures from Openreach suggest it has been unable to gain consent from the owners of 848 high-rise buildings - containing 9,941 residential or business premises - in the City alone.
Affected residents have spoken of their frustration at being left with slow internet speeds in the heart of the Square Mile.
It means it can take up to an hour to download a single TV episode and uploading files is "incredibly slow."
With fibre, downloading an entire HD film takes a few minutes.
Mr Figures said the managing agent of his building had approached the freeholder about access for Openreach but it had refused to sign a wayleave agreement.
The freeholder doesn't have to pay anything, there is no liability, all they have to do is sign an agreement giving Openreach permission to lay cables.
Joker is chilling, unnerving and absolutely brilliant
Pulling back the curtain on the Joker was a risk, but it's one that pays off hugely here as Phoenix's portrayal of the character, who has been played many ways by many actors to varying degrees of success, is unique and if anything, more terrifying, as this story is so grounded in a quasi-reality and the most real-worldly Gotham we've seen.
What transpires on screen is chilling, unnerving, completely compelling, anxiety-inducing, sleep-disturbing, and absolutely brilliant.
Joker is a character study that explores how a mentally ill aspiring stand-up comedian, Arthur Fleck, becomes the homicidal clown we're familiar with, and the film deftly walks the tightrope of making him a somewhat sympathetic character without pushing this aspect too far.
The balancing act is truly engaging.
Phoenix gives the performance of the year here, but DeNiro is also at the top of his game once again and his involvement in the project really solidifies the Scorsese-ian undertones that pepper the film.
You might not put on a happy face for a while after the credits roll, but it is so worth the weird dreams that will likely follow.
Saudi Arabia To Offer Tourist Visas For First Time, Abolish Abaya Rule
Visas in Saudi are currently restricted to expat workers, their dependents and Muslim pilgrims.
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.
Saudi Arabia will open applications for online tourist visas to citizens of 49 countries on Saturday, Bloomberg News quoted Khateeb as saying.
Foreign women, however, will be required to wear "modest clothing," he added, without elaborating.
Prince Mohammed is seeking to change that through a sweeping liberalisation drive that has brought new cinemas, mixed-gender concerts and sporting extravaganzas to Saudi Arabia.
Fears of a regional conflict after the September 14 attacks on state oil giant Aramco may also dampen the kingdom's appeal to holidaymakers.
But the kingdom currently lacks the infrastructure to accomodate visitors in such high numbers, with officials estimating 500,000 new hotel rooms will be required nationwide over the coming decade.
The sector is expected to create up to one million tourism jobs, the government says, as it battles high youth unemployment.
An agreement formalizing public access to state-owned lands has been a good deal for the two Idaho agencies involved as well as hunters, anglers and recreationists, state officials said Thursday.
Most of the money is generated through logging.
But anecdotally, each said, the numbers appear to be growing.
"I think we can say that recreation use on endowment lands has been and continues to increase," Haagenson said.
As our population grows, we're seeing more recreation.
About 96 percent of endowment lands are accessible by foot or boat.
"If you're standing in that blue patch, you know you're in pretty good shape," he said.
Because the Idaho Constitution requires state lands to be used to generate money, there was some concern individuals or companies could pay to lease state lands, cutting off public access.
Such a request is still possible.
A decision on that would be up to the Idaho Land Board, comprised of Republican Gov. Brad Little and four other statewide elected officials, who manage endowment lands and direct the Lands Department.
"There's a lot of good timberland in central Idaho that provides really good wildlife habitat," Phillips said.
A lot of that is intertwined with national forest land.
Holiday Inn Delhi Aerocity Posh Delhi Hotel To Be Seized In Case Against Deepak Talwar
The value of Holiday Inn is Rs 127 crore.
The agency, with the approval obtained from the authority, will now be able to seize the hotel, a senior official said.
Wells Fargo taps BNY Mellon's Charles Scharf as CEO
Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) named banking veteran Charles Scharf as chief executive officer on Friday, the lender's third CEO since a wide-ranging sales scandal erupted three years ago.
Scharf will take over from interim CEO Allen Parker, who was thrust into the position in March when former CEO Tim Sloan resigned abruptly.
Internal and regulatory probes since the scandal have uncovered other issues in each of the bank's primary businesses, resulting in billions of dollars in fines, penalties and an unprecedented cap on its balance sheet by the Federal Reserve.
Wells Fargo's board has been shuffled many times since the scandal, with more than half of its independent directors joining the board after 2016.
Most recently, Scharf was heading Bank of New York Mellon (BK.N).
Before joining the custodian bank, he held the top job at Visa Inc (V.N), the world's largest payment network.
The bank also said Scharf had forfeited all of his equity and incentive awards which were unvested as of Thursday.
KBW analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said he was unsure what to expect from Scharf as Wells Fargo's CEO since his tenure at Bank of New York Mellon lasted only for two years.
Scharf, 54, started his career in 1987 at Commercial Credit Corp, a consumer finance company run by Jamie Dimon and Sandy Weill - executives who went on to lead two of America's biggest banks.
He was named Dimon's assistant six months into the job at Commercial Credit, according to an alumni magazine for the NYU stern business school.
Scharf will start in his new role next month, Wells Fargo said in a statement.
Sloan's total compensation for the year was $18.4 million.
Reporting by Munsif Vengattil, Shariq Khan in Bengaluru and Elizabeth Dilts in New York; Writing by Sweta Singh; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Anil D'Silva
Parents Arrested In Suspicious Death Of 4-Year-Old Palmdale Boy Noah Cuatro - CBS Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) - The parents of 4-year-old Palmdale boy Noah Cuatro who died in July under suspicious circumstances were arrested Thursday, officials confirmed.
Noah had been ordered by a court back in May to be removed from his parents' custody over concerns about abuse.
He was never removed from the home and placed in foster care and on the afternoon of July 5, Noah's parents called 911 to report that he was drowning in a pool at an apartment complex in the 1200 block of East Avenue S, the L.A. County Sheriff's Department reports.
He died the following morning, on July 6.
Hospital staff found signs of trauma on Noah's body and determined there were issues with his parents' explanation for his cause of death.
Noah's three siblings had since been removed from the home and the sheriff's department launched an investigation.
In 2016, according to the Times, Noah was removed from the home and placed in foster care for two years.
He was returned to his parents' custody in November 2018.
"He begged me, "grandma, let me stay, don't do this to me, don't send me back,"" Hernandez said.
It's hard because I remember every word he used to tell me.
Noah's parents are being held on $1 million bail each and are due in court Monday, Sept.
The falling estimates came as a shock to Son, who had plowed more than $10 billion into WeWork, the last investment at a $47 billion valuation, according to three people familiar with the matter.
By the time the IPO was pulled, estimates of WeWork's value had come down as low as $10 billion.
By last weekend, some WeWork directors started to lay the groundwork for Neumann's departure, according to a source familiar with the seven-member board's deliberations.
Neumann owns about a quarter of WeWork, sources have previously said, tying much of his wealth to the company.
WeWork has not disclosed what percentage of the company he owns.
Rugby World Cup 2019: Warren Gatland announces Wales line-up for Australia showdown
The Wales skipper wins his 130th cap, breaking the previous record held by prop Gethin Jenkins.
Gatland has placed his faith in the starting XV that secured a 43-14 victory over Georgia four days ago, this despite the knocks suffered by centre Hadleigh Parkes and hooker Ken Owens.
There is one switch among the replacements, with Ospreys centre Owen Watkin taking over from Leigh Halfpenny.
Gatland's side features nine survivors from Wales' narrow win against the Wallabies last November.
There are also further opportunities for prop Wyn Jones and flanker Aaron Wainwright after they made their Rugby World Cup debuts in the Georgia game.
And flanker Aaron Shingler will again provide second-row bench cover for starting locks Jake Ball and Alun Wyn Jones.
In 2016, Guardian photographer David Levene and architecture critic Oliver Wainwright visited Yangon to document its changing face, amid huge political upheaval and a flood of foreign investment.
Its crumbling British colonial architecture, and street life in particular, provided a rich source of stories and images.
"There was a specific time at the end of the day, when daylight was failing and the streetlights came on, when everything seemed to glow," says Levene.
World Cup is shop window that will improve team, says Canada captain
Canada rugby captain Tyler Ardron is under no illusions of the monumentality of the task facing his side in their next two World Cup fixtures but said it would put his players in the "shop window" and ultimately help improve the team in the long run.
"We're at the World Cup to play against the best (and)... for this game (against Italy) we were definitely not the favorites and that showed on the scoreboard," Ardron said.
That would be a win for us.
Wins on the field may be few and far between for tier-two nations at the tournament, such as Uruguay's victory over Fiji in Kamaishi on Wednesday.
Canada coach Kingsley Jones, however, said Thursday's performance had been a major step up for his side, which has struggled internationally for a number of years and was the last to qualify for the tournament.
"They all held down day jobs," said Jones.
But I think the MLR is a lifeline for Canada and the United States.
Jones said there were 51 Canadians contracted to MLR clubs last season.
MLR still has a way to go.
In the long term I'm sure it will get up to speed and be a good competitive competition, so that is critical.
Ghana: MTN Wins 3 Awards
MTN Ghana has won three awards at the 2nd Ghana Procurement and Supply Chain Awards 2019 organised by Instinct Wave.
Commenting on the awards, the Chief Financial Officer of MTN Ghana, Mr Modupe Kadri said, "MTN continues to employ very innovative ways to ensure we are compliant and adhere to procurement and supply chain best practices."
Giriraj Singh Says Rising Population Like Second Stage Cancer
"Rising population has become like a second stage cancer.
It not controlled, this ailment will go into the fourth stage and become incurable," Mr Singh said.
House blocks Trump national emergency over border, setting up veto
The Democratic-held chamber passed a resolution to terminate Trump's action by a 236-174 margin, sending it to the president.
He already vetoed a measure to end the emergency declaration in March.
Neither chamber of Congress appears to have the two-thirds majority needed to override the president's opposition.
Failing to get the funding he desired for borders on the southern border from both the Mexican government and Congress, Trump declared the national emergency in February.
Some Senate Republicans facing elections next year have faced sharp political pressure over the national emergency vote.
Babies living in areas with high levels of air pollution have a greater risk of death than those surrounded by cleaner air, a study has found.
The latest study, yet to be peer-reviewed or published, will be presented at the European Respiratory Society international congress in Madrid.
These were particulate matter known as PM10, which comes from sources including vehicles and waste incineration, nitrogen dioxide (NO2), and sulphur dioxide (SO2), which is released through burning of fossil fuels in power stations and refineries as well as metal extraction.
The study was unable to prove whether high levels of air pollution were to blame for the increased risk of death in those areas.
It also did not take into account levels of indoor air pollution.
She said the latest study had a number of limitations.
It looked at average pollution levels over relatively large areas while in reality levels can vary greatly over a small distance - meaning the babies' true exposure was not captured.
Toledano said it was also unclear how factors like birthweight were accounted for.
"The evidence linking infant mortality and air pollution is still emerging but Dr Kotecha's study, which suggests babies born in the UK's most polluted areas see a significantly increased risk of death, should be a wake-up call to government," she said.
The European Union has included Japan in its Asia "connectivity" plan, signing a landmark deal to coordinate transport, energy and digital projects amid concerns over China's dominance in infrastructure funding.
The agreement formally seals Japan's engagement in the new EU-Asia connectivity plan and was signed by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the Europa Connectivity Forum in Brussels on Friday.
Since 2013, China funded the construction of bridges, roads and tunnels across more than 60 countries under its Belt and Road infrastructure initiative, which aims to build a network of land and sea links with Southeast Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and Africa.
"The sea route that leads to the Mediterranean and the Atlantic must be open," Abe said, emphasizing the deal's signatories" aim to prevent China-financed projects from dominating EU-Asia transport links.
The deal is also to ensure "transparent procurement practices," as well as "free, open, fair, non-discriminatory and predictable regional and international trade and investment."
It will be backed by a €60 billion ($65.48 billion) EU guarantee fund, development banks and private investors.
The signatories promised to pay "utmost attention" to the sides" "fiscal capacity and debt-sustainability."
Jean-Claude Juncker promised to help build infrastructure "without mountains of debt" or a reliance "on a single country."
This year's Forum, held under the theme "EU-Asia Connectivity: Building Bridges for a Sustainable Future," is focused on strengthening cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region.
Shahin Indorewala is suing the firm, claiming that she was discriminated against.
The CEO, Ramses Gavilondo, disputes her version of events, saying Indorewala decided she did not want the job.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations, which brought the lawsuit on Indorewala's behalf, held a brief news conference outside Fast Trak's Falls Church office on Wednesday, when CAIR labeled Fast Trak "a company that disregarded federal law and chose not to hire her because of her faith."
She promptly ended the interview.
We have fixed hours here,' " Indorewala said.
According to the lawsuit, the assistant manager then allegedly walked with Indorewala to Gavilondo, and said that the job's hours wouldn't work for Indorewala.
"Am I really being made fun of for my religion in public in what's supposed to be a professional workplace? . . .
That was it.
I didn't want to create a scene or anything, but I was pretty hurt and pretty embarrassed.
Someone came for an interview.
They didn't want to work here. . . .
"It's like me going to a store to buy Kit-Kats, and then I don't want to eat the Kit-Kats," he said.
People can wear whatever they want."
Oil prices head for weekly loss as supply fears wane
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices steadied on Friday but were heading for a weekly loss on a faster-than-expected recovery in Saudi output, while investors also worried about global crude demand amid slowing Chinese economic growth.
EDT (1521 GMT), after dropping to a session low of $60.76 a barrel.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 futures rose 3 cents to $56.44 a barrel, after falling to $54.75 a barrel.
Brent was on track to fall nearly 3% for the week, its biggest weekly loss since early August, while WTI was set to fall 2.8%.
Earlier in the session, futures fell after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said the United States offered to remove all sanctions on Iran in exchange for talks.
"We've really been following headline to headline," said Phil Flynn, an analyst with Price Futures Group in Chicago.
Crude futures were also earlier hit by a Wall Street Journal report citing unnamed sources saying that Saudi Arabia had agreed a partial ceasefire in Yemen, said analysts in the Reuters Global Oil Forum.
Brent is just above its level before attacks on Saudi facilities on Sept. 14, which initially halved the kingdom's production.
"The risk premium is deflating further," said Saxo Bank's Ole Hansen.
Key oil freight rates from the Middle East to Asia rocketed as much as 28% on Friday in the global oil shipping market, spooked by U.S. sanctions on units of China's COSCO for alleged involvement in ferrying crude out of Iran.
Brexit news: Reckless stuns BBC QT with brilliant point on Remainers' bid to halt EU exit
The Member of the National Assembly for South Wales East made the point during Thursday's broadcast from Cardiff.
The problem we now have is that people voted to leave the EU were told they were being given the decision, and the Government would implement what they decided.
But, Brexit is being blocked by people who don't like Brexit, by people voted Remain and think their views are greater than the majority who voted to leave.
We're seeing in parliament the procedures of the House of Commons abused.
Fiona Bruce interrupted Mr Reckless and said: "John Bercow has always said he doesn't have a preference."
To this the audience burst into laughter with Mr Reckless laughing with them.
Would he be saying we should leave the EU and join the EEA to counter that 48 percent?
To this the crowd burst into applause and cheered Mr Reckless.
Kylie Jenner tweets she's 'really sick' and can't make Paris Fashion Week
Reality television star, makeup mogul and self-made billionaire Kylie Jenner is sick and won't be in Paris for Friday's Balmain runway show and debut of her cosmetics collaboration with the French fashion house's creative director Olivier Rousteing, she announced on Twitter on Wednesday morning.
She ended by urging her social media followers to join her in watching the women's spring and summer 2020 Paris Fashion Week runway show, which is set to be livestreamed on the Balmain website at 2:30 a.m.
Jenner also was scheduled to be a presenter with Kim Kardashian West and Kendall Jenner at Sunday's 71st Primetime Emmy Awards.
However, she was a no-show.
Kamala Harris Calls For Probe Into State Dept. Officials Working With Giuliani
A new awards scheme has been set up to recognise politicians who show courtesy in their work.
It comes after a divisive week in Westminster following the return of Parliament.
It was marked by threats against MPs and outrage over the language used by the likes of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for the tone of language he has used in the Commons chamber.
In an exclusive interview with the Standard, former Cabinet minister Amber Rudd today accused Mr Johnson of deploying aggressive language that "does incite violence."
Jess Phillips 'frightened' after receiving 'be afraid' death threats
On Thursday, Labour MP Jess Phillips - another one of those to have criticised Mr Johnson - said a man was arrested after trying to "kick the door" of her constituency office while reportedly shouting that she was a "fascist."
Zimbabwe: Sanctions Slow Down Zim Progress
Zvamaida Murwira in NEW YORK, United States
He applauded Southern Africa for solidly standing by Zimbabwe in calling for the unconditional removal of the two-decades-old embargo.
The wrongs of the world must be set right.
This was his second address to the General Debate at the UN, five years after his maiden speech as Prime Minister in 2014.
Swami Vivekananada had given the message of harmony and peace to the Parliament of Religions, and not dissension.
At the mega "Howdy, Modi!" event last Sunday, sharing a stage with US President Donald Trump, the Prime Minister said: "They have made hatred towards India the centre of their agenda."
Japan sees North Korea missile, China space activity as threat
The annual defense paper, approved Friday by the Cabinet, underscores Japan's fear of being targeted by its neighbor.
Its reaction to the North's recent tests contrasts to the low-key U.S. response.
Since the second U.S.-North Korea summit collapsed this year, North Korea has fired 10 short-range missiles and projectiles deemed new and upgraded.
Brexit news: Britain on brink of 'watershed moment' as Remainers to accept 'they are wrong'
Caller Bob insisted MPs seeking to oppose Brexit in Parliament will soon realise they are in the "wrong" position.
Members of Parliament have been engaged in a bitter battle with Boris Johnson and his Cabinet in an attempt to make sure Britain does not leave the European Union without an official agreement.
It's not that they want a deal for Brexit, they just don't want Brexit.
Boris Johnson on Thursday refused to apologise for describing attempts to block a no-deal break with the EU as the "surrender act."
Speaking to BBC South, Mr Johnson said: "I need to reach out across the House of Commons."
Following a fiery debate in the Commons, Speaker of the House John Bercow urged MPs to give up negative conduct.
Mr Bercow said: "I think there's a widespread sense across the House and beyond that yesterday the House did itself no credit."
6 Self-Help Books That -- Really! -- Help
"Mom & Me & Mom" By Maya Angelou
Maya Angelou's moving, honest portrait of her up and down relationship with Vivian Baxter -- the bold, smart, hard-drinking, pistol-toting woman who left Angelou with her grandmother for most of her childhood but reunited with her during her daughter's adolescence -- is full of wisdom, laughs and blockbuster sentences like, "there are times when no one is right and sometimes among family and children, no one can admit that there is no right, and that maybe at the same time there is no wrong," and, "She liberated me from a society that would have had me think of myself as the lower of the low.
She liberated me to life." -- Leigh Newman
GM Reverses Course On Decision To Cut Off Health Care For Striking Workers
General Motors has decided to fund health care benefits for thousands of striking workers after the company initially moved to cut them off early in the nationwide work stoppage.
That earlier decision by GM ― which turned into national news ― created a wave of anxiety among employees who feared a lapse in coverage.
Labor leaders and politicians hammered the company for what appeared to be a hardball bargaining tactic two days into the strike.
The UAW did not let up its criticism even after GM reversed course Thursday.
"There is no doubt that public sentiment sees these actions of GM as a shameful act!"
The company declined to say how long it intended to fund the health care benefits if the strike continues for weeks.
Dittes said Wednesday that the UAW was waiting on a response from GM on the union's latest proposals and that "the back and forth will continue" until everything is resolved.
The strike involves nearly 50,000 workers at more than 50 GM facilities around the country.
The union chose to bargain first with GM, extending its previous contracts with the other two automakers.
UAW leadership called for a strike at GM starting Sept. 16 after workers" contract there expired.
Midway Broadcasting announced today that its Chairwoman, Melody Spann Cooper is set to release her highly anticipated book to help female entrepreneurs and executives thrive in business.
"The Girlfriend's Guide To Closing the Deal" shares insights on how women can use their voice to achieve equity at the negotiating table and advance their careers by using the female edition of the old-boy's network.
From how to own your ideas in a meeting to when its time to "friend up," everyone can benefit from Melody's story."
The book was co-written with T. Shawn Taylor, journalist, writer and founder of Tree Top Consulting, a full-service media consulting firm.
Saudi FM: Financial pressure is best way to control Iran
Saudi Arabia called on the world to apply "utmost pressure with every tool available" to end Iran's aggressive conduct, saying Thursday that the most effective way to control Tehran is to cut off its financial resources.
He called the strikes a flagrant violation of international laws and a threat to international peace and security.
It is good at nothing but masterminding explosions, destruction and assassinations, not only in our region but also throughout the world," Al-Assaf said.
The U.S. went on to impose heavy sanctions on Iran, even as other nations that signed the nuclear accord argued for trying to salvage it.
Trump Attacks Whistleblower Sources, Suggests Complaint Is Treason: Reports
The president made the remark as acting Director of National Intelligence Joseph Maguire testified before the House Intelligence Committee about the complaint, which prompted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) on Tuesday to announce the opening of an impeachment inquiry into Trump.
The Los Angeles Times posted audio of Trump's spy remarks he reportedly made in front of a crowd of staff from the United States Mission to the United Nations in New York City.
"Who's the person who gave the whistleblower the information?
We used to handle it a little differently than we do now.
No one in the U.S. has been convicted of treason ― a crime punishable by death ― in the last 70 years, according to NBC News.
Fife Flyers will face their toughest test of the season to date when they take on Belfast Giants in a Challenge Cup double-header this weekend.
"From what we've seen on tape, Belfast are an incredibly deep, well-rounded, physical and hard-working side," Dutes said.
With a win and a defeat each, Flyers and Belfast both have two points after two games in Challenge Cup Group B.
Depsite their early success, Dutiaume believes there is still room for improvement.
That's a work in progress.
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday.
Christine Pelosi is a Democratic Party strategist and author of "Campaign Boot Camp" and "Campaign Boot Camp 2.0."
The Taoiseach has opened a new Consulate General of Ireland in Los Angeles.
Tucker Carlson Calls Adam Schiff 'Demonstrably Mentally Ill'
Fox News host Tucker Carlson on Thursday called House Intelligence Committee Chair Adam Schiff "demonstrably mentally ill" in a rant about those who say "extreme and mindless things" to get on television.
"The prime example is Adam Schiff," the host said on "Tucker Carlson Tonight."
Keep in mind, that isn't some guy babbling in the men's room at Starbucks.
That is the man who chairs the mighty House Intelligence Committee.
It had more than 600 branches, including about 30 in Scotland.
Barrhead said former Thomas Cook employees "will bring a wealth of experience to the Barrhead Travel family and are being actively encouraged to contact the Barrhead Travel recruitment line."
Renfrewshire-based Barrhead added that there continues to be growing customer demand for specialist holidays such as adventure travel, weddings and honeymoons, river cruise and luxury.
Many of us have very fond memories of Thomas Cook - both professionally and personally.
Whoever flew the drones that closed Gatwick during the busiest week of the winter "had detailed knowledge of the airport," according to Sussex Police.
The closure of Gatwick airport cost airlines around £50m in lost revenue and passenger care costs.
The policing operation and subsequent investigation have cost £800,000.
More than 100 "credible witnesses" were interviewed, who were "used to working in a complex airport environment."
They included a pilot, airport workers and airport police.
Their statements indicate the drones were flown in 12 separate bursts across the three days.
Biffa fined for trying to ship household waste to China
The waste management firm Biffa has been fined £350,000 for trying to ship household rubbish to China labelled as wastepaper fit for recycling.
Items found in the bales included sanitary towels, nappies, wet wipes and condoms - with the shipping containers reeking of vomit.
Environment Agency inspectors also found women's underwear, bags of dog excrement and a 12-inch record by the 90s band Deee-Lite.
One of the brokers arranged a shipment of 5,863 tonnes of wastepaper between Biffa worth £350,000, while the second arranged the sale of 4,992 tonnes of wastepaper worth £290,000.
However, the Environment Agency prevented any of the seven containers from leaving Felixstowe.
Biffa was also ordered to pay £240,000 costs to the Environment Agency and a confiscation order of £9,912, which was the total amount it received for the blocked shipment of waste.
Sailesh Mehta, prosecuting, said contaminants could be seen poking out of bales that were not broken open by inspectors.
French chemical fire extinguished as questions mount
Firefighters are still on the scene.
New units to cater for disabled residents
Ten new apartments will be designed and built for young people with disabilities in Fraser Property Australia's western Sydney development Ed. Square, with one more apartment set aside for an on-site support worker.
Prior to moving in, the apartments will be kitted out with everything disabled people need to meet High Physical Support benchmarks for residential disability housing under the National Disability Insurance Scheme.
The deal, struck between Fraser Property Australia and disability housing provider Summer Housing, increases the range and scale of housing options available for those with disabilities, according to Summer Housing Australia chief executive officer Dan McLennan.
Frasers Property Australia's development director Warwick Dowler said connectivity is an important part of the criteria for housing people with a disability.
Pictured: Schoolgirl, 10, who died after a suspected hit-and-run in Newcastle
The schoolgirl was hit by a car in Newcastle at around 6.40pm Wednesday night
Melissa Tate, 10, who was rushed to a local hospital, died of catastrophic injuries
Police announced on Thursday that, after being rushed to hospital with devastating injuries, the little girl sadly died.
Two 23-year-old men were arrested, as well as two women in the wake of the smash.
Specialist officers have been supporting them since Melissa was involved in the collision on Wednesday night and they continue to do so.
We will remain with them over the coming days and weeks, and will be on hand to help them in any way we can.
Arsenal fans in meltdown over Xhaka becoming captain... but rival supporters think it's hilarious - The Sun
THE NEWS that Granit Xhaka is set to be announced as Arsenal's club captain has been met with agony by many Gooners.
And on Friday news broke that Xhaka was to be named the official replacement of Laurent Koscielny, who controversially left Arsenal in the summer.
Many Gunners fans are ready to get behind the Swiss midfielder but others see him as a liability.
The reports happened to pop up on Xhaka's 27th birthday and critics used a club well-wishing post to vent their frustration.
Gooner Zaki wrote: "Announce six month holiday as birthday present."
Another, Yash, added: "Sell him as a gift."
While Ariss remarked: "Xhaka boom Xhaka out of my club."
And Aliwa lamented: "Doesn't deserve to wear the armband, he's a total banter in our team."
One fan accounted however, rebuffed: "These so called Arsenal fans are the worst.
One Spurs fan commented a mock-up of the Jose Mourinho meme reading: "I prefer not to laugh, if I laugh I am in big trouble."
A Chelsea fan added: "We also don't have a captain at Chelsea, but Xhaka at Arsenal!?"
Toyota said to be increasing stake in Subaru to more than 20%
Toyota Motor plans to raise its stake in Subaru to more than 20% from around 17% now, a deal that would also see the smaller firm invest in Japan's top automaker, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday.
The deal is due to be approved at a Toyota board meeting on Friday, the people said, declining to be identified because the information has not been made public.
The investment would come a month after Toyota and another smaller Japanese automaker, Suzuki Motor, said they would take small equity stakes in each other.
Such tie-ups highlight how automakers are scrambling to chase scale, manage costs and boost development.
Traditional carmakers, especially smaller ones like Subaru and Suzuki, are struggling to meet the fast pace of change in an industry being transformed by the rise of electric vehicles, ride-hailing and autonomous driving.
Toyota's investment is likely to cost more than 70 billion yen ($650 million) based on Subaru's stock market value, said the Nikkei business daily, which first reported the news.
Subaru is likely to reciprocate with a stake in Toyota that would roughly equal the value of Toyota's additional investment, one of the people told Reuters.
Representatives for both Toyota and Subaru said the news was not something that had been announced by their companies.
Subaru is particularly strong in sport-utility vehicles (SUV) and all-wheel-drive technology.
The two automakers in June said they planned to jointly develop an electric sport-utility vehicle on a platform produced together, to split costs.
Carmakers around the world have been joining forces to slash development and manufacturing costs of new technology.
Ford Motor and Volkswagen have said they will spend billions of dollars to jointly develop electric and self-driving vehicles.
Jurgen Klopp provides update on Sadio Mane injury ahead of Liverpool's trip to Sheffield United
The Senegal international suffered a knock and a dead leg in Liverpool's 2-1 win over Chelsea last Sunday and missed the 2-0 victory over MK Dons in the Carabao Cup on Wednesday evening.
But Mane trained with his Liverpool teammates on Thursday and Klopp has no concerns over the forward ahead of his side's trip to Bramall Lane in Saturday's early kick-off.
"Both trained yesterday, Sadio and Div [Divock Origi], completely normal, no issues," said the Liverpool manager.
Ballie Ballerson Soho: Exclusive first look at the new ball pit cocktail bar
The ball pool cocktail bar is opening a new venue on Berwick Street, with 6,000 square feet of ball pits.
Guests at Berwick Street can expect a colourful, neon-lit setting, and a cocktail list featuring the likes of the Soho Sundown - mixed up out of rhubarb gin, lemon juice, syrup and meringue.
Having a ball: The original site quickly became a favourite after opening in 2016
It could be the first of a number of new Ballie Ballerson venues too, with Armstrong also revealing that they're currently "seeking additional locations," which may expand into other parts of the country.
The original site closes for a refurbishment this month, and will reopen in early November.
Liverpool's Allison set to resume first-team training
Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson Becker is expected to make his long-awaited return to first-team training this weekend.
The Brazil international has been sidelined with a calf injury since the opening match of the season on 9 August.
It will come too late for him to be considered for Saturday's lunchtime kick-off at Sheffield United but he is set to rejoin the group 24 hours later as preparations start for the Champions League tie at home to Red Bull Salzburg.
He's not in contention for tomorrow.
Credit to the medical department.
There was more good news on the injury front, with Sadio Mane fully recovered from a dead leg sustained in last weekend's win at Chelsea and fellow forward Divock Origi back after missing three matches with an ankle problem.
How dare you?
Thunberg's U.N. speech inspires Dutch climate protesters
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Thousands of Dutch children skipped school to join a global climate strike on Friday, blocking traffic and asking their leaders "how dare you?" in a reference to Swedish teenage activist Greta Thunberg's speech at the United Nations.
A participant holds a drawing depicting Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg during a protest march to call for action against climate change, in The Hague, Netherlands September 27, 2019.
Turnout at the march in The Hague exceeded expectations with organizers estimating the crowd at about 35,000.
But we have to do it in a smart way, which also creates jobs.
North Korea accused the United States of doing nothing to implement issues agreed on at summits between US President Donald Trump and the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, but said it is placing hope in the US president's "wise option and bold decision."
Kim Kye Gwan said it is "hard reality" that politicians in Washington are obsessed with "nuclear disarmament first" by North Korea before sanctions can be lifted and the country "can get access to a bright future."
The adviser said this makes him doubt whether "a new breakthrough" could take place in US-North Korean relations through another summit.
The North wants a step-by-step disarmament process, in which each of its denuclearisation step is matched by a corresponding US reward.
The United States says sanctions on North Korea will remain in place until the country takes significant steps toward denuclearisation.
They met again in Vietnam in February for a second summit.
Indian Military Training Team Chopper Crashes In Bhutan, 2 Dead
An Indian Military Training Team (IMTRAT) helicopter crashed in eastern Bhutan on Friday, killing two people, including a Bhutanese pilot.
In an unfortunate incident, an Indian Army helicopter has crashed at 1 pm near Yonphula in Bhutan.
Ground search and rescue was launched immediately from Yonphula.
The wreckage has been located.
The single engine Cheetah helicopter was piloted by an Indian and a Bhutanese Army pilots, the army said, adding there were no survivors.
He also reiterated his strong opposition to a second Scottish independence referendum.
They are not doing a good job on health, they are not doing a good job on education."
Doing nothing should not be an option."
The Scottish Government has been asked for comment on the interview with Mr Johnson.
Officers were called to the Yardley Road premises shortly before 2.25pm on Thursday.
Ms Phillips was among the MPs to tell Mr Johnson to apologise for his language in the Commons, saying his choice of words had been designed to "inflame hatred and division."
She tweeted on Wednesday that she had received an "anonymous letter" to her constituency office.
Mr Johnson on Friday doubled down on his use of language, refusing to stop calling a law aimed at preventing a no-deal Brexit the "surrender act."
If an auction goes above your budget and you miss out, don't worry as there will be another home out there.
Mugabe Burial Set for Zvimba As Govt Gives in to Family Demands
The Zimbabwean government has given the family of the late former president Robert Mugabe a go ahead to bury him in Zvimba communal lands, Mashonaland West, instead of a so-called mausoleum being constructed at the National Heroes Acre.
Reacting to the latest development on Mugabe's burial, Maureen Kademaunga of the Movement for Democratic Change led by Nelson Chamisa, told VOA Zimbabwe Service that the late former president's burial saga will cost the nation huge sums of money as a mausoleum being built in Harare has been abandoned without proper consultations with relevant stakeholders.
So they flushed money down the drain ...
Justice Department To Open Facebook Antitrust Investigation, Source Says
Facebook declined to comment on Wednesday.
The Justice Department later said it was opening a probe of online platforms.
It did not specify which ones, but said it would consider concerns raised about "search, social media and some retail services online."
This led some industry observers to question whether the two federal investigations would overlap.
Antonio Caruso to fight Amarsanaa Tsogookhuu in Jakarta
Antonio Caruso can see a lot of resemblances between AFL and fighting one-on-one inside a cage.
On face value the sports are polar opposites, but the training and mental dedication needed to succeed run on tight parallel.
The reflection was born on the back of a hard training session run by former UFC welterweight champion Robbie Lawler at Hard Knocks MMA gym - Carusos's home away form home.
The undefeated 28-year-old said the grinding work has him primed to take out Mongolian Amarsanaa Tsogookhuu in Jakarta on October 25.
That's the biggest change here, there's no easy rounds, there's no easy work.
I can't run before a sparring session and then go spar, these guys will run rings around me.
Tsogookhuu (5W-1L) made his pro debut in 2016 and won the MGL-1 lightweight championship title in October, before making the move to Asia's biggest MMA promotion.
"You can't buy that type of experience," he said.
Energy suppliers accused of 'greenwashing' tariffs to attract environmentally friendly customers
World Athletics Championships: MP Jabir Qualifies For 400m Hurdle Semifinals, Long Jumper M Sreeshankar Disappoints
Long jumper M Sreeshankar failed to reach the final after a disappointing performance while 400m hurdler MP Jabir made it to the semifinals on the opening day of the World Athletics Championships in Doha on Friday.
Another 400m hurdler Dharun Ayyasamy, the national record holder, tumbled after the last hurdle in his heat to fail to qualify for the semifinals.
His effort was well below his season's best of 8.00m, which he had produced only last month in Patiala.
Later in the day, Jabir finished third in the heat number one and 11th overall in men's 400m hurdle with a time of 49.62 seconds to qualify for the semifinals to be held on Saturday.
He has a season's and personal best of 49.13.
Ayyasamy could only clock 50.55 as he lost precious time after hitting the final hurdle.
Ayyasamy, who had recovered from an injury recently, has a personal and season's best of 48.80.
The first four in each of the five heats and the next four fastest qualify for the 400m hurdles semifinals.
The automatic mark for the finals was set at 8.15m but only one jumper could touch it.
Sreeshankar's 7.62m effort here was his second worst this season.
Karen Pence Was Reportedly 'Livid' With Trump's 'Access Hollywood' Tape
Karen Pence, wife of Vice President Mike Pence, was reportedly "livid" about that infamous "Access Hollywood" tape that surfaced a month before the 2016 presidential election.
Reporter Tom LoBianco, who covered Pence for The Associated Press and Indianapolis Star, reveals in his new book "Piety & Power: Mike Pence and the Taking of the White House" that Karen Pence was very unhappy with the recording.
The notorious tape featured Donald Trump in 2005 bragging about grabbing women "by the pussy" without their consent.
"Karen ... "was livid" at Trump's prurient comments in the "Access Hollywood" tape," The New York Times wrote in a Friday morning article covering LoBianco's book.
On election night, LoBianco reports in his book, Karen Pence refused to kiss her husband.
"You got what you wanted, Mike," she told him.
"Leave me alone," The New York Times reported.
He also directed his large following towards his fundraising page to amass more than $37,000.
Mr Scanlon made use of his Twitter fame to raise money for the charity bike ride, saying: "Hi Internet!
It would mean a lot to me and to those I know affected by the disease!
You see, two close friends of mine and members of their families suffer from MS, a debilitating disease of the central nervous system that interrupts communication between the brain and the body.
Millions of people suffer from MS and there is no known cure.
This is where you come in."
Uganda: Impasse On Uganda's Oil Sector Short-Lived, Says Museveni
The companies failed to agree with the government on tax and how much money must be counted as recoverable costs.
Tullow was expected to transfer 21 per cent of its 33.3 per cent in Kingfisher Blocks to Total and CNOOC.
This would mean that projects like the oil pipeline and the refinery would kick-off.
The SNP leadership is reportedly open to the prospect of Jeremy Corbyn being installed as prime minister on a temporary basis in order to avoid a no deal Brexit.
"It is increasingly clear that we will have to install a new prime minister via a vote of no confidence, so that we can request a delay to Brexit and hold an election," a source told ITV News.
Whether people like it or not, the temporary prime minister has to be Corbyn.
Lib Dem leader Jo Swinson has repeatedly said she would not support any deal that saw Mr Corbyn become PM.
Meghan to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and refuses let own needs 'fade away' amid her royal duties
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
We both have sons, and we were bearing in mind that we are not just role models for girls but boys - and not just our sons, but generally in public too.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
Meghan also revealed she's enjoying the pressures of being a working mother, admitting she finds juggling being a royal and looking after baby Archie 'a lot' but 'all so exciting'.
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now.
Angola: Minister Stresses Need to Revamp Iron Palace
Immanuel Christian School: Sixth-grade boys accused of pinning down black girl and cutting off her dreadlocks in Virginia
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up.
They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.'
She feared retaliation if she confessed the truth, she said.
I want to see them dismissed from the school.
I want to see something done.
Allen's family pays nearly $12,000 per year for Amari to attend the school, which made headlines earlier this year after Karen Pence took an art teaching job at the famously anti-LGBTQ institution.
She said that the boys have taken her lunch and called her names in the past.
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.
Jacques Chirac, who supported India after it conducted nuclear tests in 1998, died on Thursday at age 86.
He served as the president of France from 1995 to 2007.
My deepest condolences on passing away of Jacques Chirac.
India mourns the loss of a true global statesman.
Jacques Chirac was known to have been suffering from ill health for a long time.
Mickey Arthur Says Remarks About Wasim Akram, Misbah-Ul-Haq Were "Dignified"
The committee decided against renewing Arthur's contract, which paved the way for Misbah to be named the country's chief selector and new head coach.
Arthur refused to speak ill of Misbah in the interview.
Misbah will do a good job, Misbah is a good guy and Pakistan cricket made their decision.
Speaking to AFP by phone from Perth, said he had the right to speak his mind after faithfully serving the team for three years.
"I think what he has said is his opinion," said Misbah.
Passenger caught urinating on Sydney train
Disgusting video footage has emerged of a passenger urinating on a Sydney train as horrified school students watch just metres away.
A video of the incident, which occurred at around 8.30am this morning on a train travelling between Werrington and Kingswood, was posted to Facebook by Sydney woman Jordy Lee.
Doing this in front of kids on their way to school this morning.
The footage was filmed by two students as a way of exposing the man's vile behaviour, according to the Penrith Press.
"I am in total shock that this happened in peak hour on a Friday morning in front of children just going to school," she said.
When he was done he reportedly sat back on a seat and fell asleep again.
"What an animal!" one person said.
Mate take a leak before you leave the house," another wrote.
A Sydney Trains spokesperson told news.com.au that passengers should report this type of behaviour immediately.
"Sydney Trains encourages customers to remain courteous to others while travelling on our network," they said.
Incidents such as this are rare, however we encourage customers who witness behaviour like this to report it to Train Guards or station staff immediately.
They added: "We also work closely with the NSW Police Transport Command, which is responsible for crime prevention across the rail network."
Carty is most consistent Irish out-half in 2019
Stephen Ferris says Jack Carty's selection against Japan is a reward for his consistency of performance over the past year with both Connacht and Ireland.
Carty has been handed his second international start against Japan on Saturday, the first coming in the World Cup warm-up win over Wales in Cardiff late last month.
He recognised the Scottish defence and what he was up against.
I would say Carty has been probably the most consistent out-half within the Irish system for the last year or so.
He's been superb.
Week in, week out, he's never really let his side down.
The likes of Sexton...
Johnny has had a couple of bad games over the last year or so.
He's been out injured.
Whereas Carty has been really, really steady.
Maybe it is that game management.
I feel that he won't let Joe down.
But in saying that, I can't see a Japan team beating us the way the confidence and momentum is with the Irish team at the minute.
More than 100 dolphins have mysteriously died on a beach in the Cape Verde islands off West Africa.
Local media report that around 200 melon-headed dolphins were found on a beach on Boa Vista island on Tuesday.
Bulldozers buried 136 dead dolphins.
BIOS Cape Verde, a volunteer environmental association in the former Portuguese colony, said on its Facebook page on Friday it took samples from 50 dolphins and four others were placed in deep freeze by the local council.
The group said veterinarians from the University of Las Palmas in Spain's Canary Islands are due in the coming days to perform tests.
Scottish Paralympian Libby Clegg has been announced as a contestant on the next series of Dancing On Ice.
I love challenging myself and experiencing new things."
Father son duo make Australian wheelchair rugby league history
Cannane called for curious fans to attend the two Test series against England next month.
"It's a game that doesn't discriminate," Cannane said.
I play wheelchair basketball with Cory on Wednesday nights socially but he can't play in tournaments.
To be able to represent our country alongside each other is really special.
Wheelchair rugby league was only introduced to Australia in 2009.
It is played across two basketball courts and features five players per team.
At least three disabled players must be on the court at all times.
A tackle is called when a player takes the tag of an opponent.
The Wheelaroos will first face England at The Whitlam Centre in Liverpool on October 21 before taking them on at the University of Wollongong two days later.
Senegal helicopter crashes in C. African Republic, killing 3
Three Senegalese soldiers died after their helicopter crashed in Central African Republic on Friday, Senegal's armed forces said.
Another person was badly wounded.
The U.N. mission said it appeared that poor atmospheric conditions had made a proper landing impossible.
Now, in 2019, there is a hearing to determine whether or not he should be allowed more freedoms, such as unsupervised outings.
The decision won't come for a few more weeks, so in the meantime we're left to wonder whether or not this is a good idea.
Is it enough to keep de Grood locked up?
As long as de Grood continues to take his medication, there isn't a huge risk of reoffense, so why are people so concerned?
Certain mental illnesses have become less stigmatized, such as mood and anxiety disorders.
But others, including schizophrenia, remain highly stigmatized.
That was the case in this situation, but these instances are rare, and that's perhaps why we remember them so well when they occur.
In fact, the majority of schizophrenic individuals are nonviolent, and are more likely to be the victims rather than the perpetrators of crime or violence.
Arguing that he or other mentally ill people remain institutionalized unless absolutely necessary is a form of segregation.
It perpetuates the idea that mentally ill people, those with schizophrenia in particular, cannot ever mesh with society; thus continuing the stigma and perpetuating the idea that they are dangerous criminals.
He was found not criminally responsible by a court of law, so why should he be treated like a prisoner instead of someone who was ill and is now better?
Banks facing 'enormous' challenges - Commerzbank boss
The bank's downgrade was announced late last night.
It came as the bank's supervisory board approved plans announced last week to cut thousands of staff and close a fifth of branches following a failed merger with bigger rival Deutsche Bank.
Negative interest rates, increasing regulation, a weaker economy and tough competition.
The challenges facing banks are enormous," Zielke said.
Commerzbank, which was ejected from Germany's blue-chip DAX index last year, has already been reducing staff and trying to cut back-office work to restore profitability.
It embarked on merger talks with Deutsche Bank earlier this year, hoping to make more savings, but the discussions fell apart.
It said that board member Bettina Orlopp would succeed Engels as chief financial officer, while Sabine Schmittroth would become board member for human resources.
The measures were approved by the board during a two-day meeting.
The mBank sale will further reduce staff levels.
Headcount will fall to 29,300, a spokesman said.
The company now employs about 40,700 people.
The restructuring plan is negative for the German lender's credit rating, ratings agency Moody's has said.
The agency said plans to sell mBank would "further limit the bank's growth potential given that mBank meaningfully contributed to the group's revenue and profits, and its growth."
Alva Academy serving up World's Biggest Coffee Morning
Macmillan Cancer Support's top fundraising school in the UK is celebrating the charity's 'World's Biggest Coffee Morning'.
Dozens of fundraising coffee mornings are taking place across Scotland on Friday.
Alva - located at the foot of the Ochil Hills within Scotland's smallest council area - has raised more than £300,000 for Macmillan since 2004.
We have had our annual ceilidh - raising over £1000, bake sales, duck races and much, much more.
At Wells Fargo, a Jamie Dimon protege finally takes over a big US bank
Now, Scharf becomes the first of Dimon's proteges to take over a direct competitor to J.P. Morgan Chase, the U.S. financial services giant and the world's most valuable bank by market capitalization.
J.P. Morgan has been called a training school for CEOs as Dimon's deputies have gone on to lead vendors including First Data or European banks such as Barclays or Standard Chartered.
Scharf himself was part of that trend, leaving J.P. Morgan in 2012 to become CEO of credit-card network Visa.
Investors cheered the news that Wells Fargo's six-month search had concluded: Wells Fargo shares climbed 4% Friday.
Scharf now has the biggest challenge of his career: As head of Wells Fargo starting next month, he will be tasked with restoring credibility with customers, employees and regulators after the bank's fake accounts scandal claimed his predecessor, Tim Sloan, and Sloan's predecessor, John Stumpf.
Wells Fargo became hobbled under a rare Federal Reserve restriction that capped its asset growth, and critics including Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Rep. Maxine Waters piled on.
Ultimately, Scharf may decide to appoint his own direct reports in key roles like chief financial officer, as is typical when a new CEO is named.
He is a first class leader.
The BBC and Netflix are teaming up for the first time to co-produce Life in Colour, a new three-part series.
The BBC said in a press release Thursday that Life in Color explores the vital role color plays in animal interactions.
Any series authored by Sir David is very special and this promises to be exceptional.
Deploying innovative new technology to reveal our world in new ways, I'm thrilled that we are working with Sir David on a series which promises spectacle and insight," BBC head of natural history and specialist factual commissioning Tom McDonald added.
Attenborough, 93, has narrated several BBC series, including the Life documentaries and Planet Earth, and the Netflix series Our Planet.
Short-staffed hospitals across Italy are pushing for the retirement age of the country's physicians to be extended to the age of 70 in their regions.
Currently doctors in Italy can retire once they've turned 65 or having worked for 40 years.
Italy's ageing medical workforce is somewhat of a sleeping giant.
Molise in the south has called on army doctors to help out and Tuscany has started recruiting younger doctors.
Renewed bid to find 65-year-old who disappeared two years ago
Mr Parsons travelled to Fort William by train from his home on Friday, September 29, 2017.
He cycled south along the A82 and was last seen at 11.30pm that night outside the Bridge of Orchy Hotel, from where he apparently continued south towards Tyndrum.
Neither Tony nor his bicycle have been seen since leaving Bridge of Orchy two years ago.
I would like to thank everyone who has assisted our enquiries so far."
Tony is 5ft 9ins and stocky with short greying hair and a moustache, and wore glasses.
He has a tattoo of an anchor on his upper right arm and a tattoo of an eagle on his left.
Tony was also wearing a silver and grey cycling helmet, and was carrying a silver and blue rucksack.
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack
He added that the U.S. would provide an additional $4.5 million to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons to fund investigations into other instances of suspected Syrian chemical-weapons use.
LONG BEACH (CBSLA) - It's been one year since a 20-year-old from Long Beach was fatally shot, but the victim's family isn't giving up hope that the shooter will be caught.
Three suspects were then seen getting out of that car.
One of them walked up to the driver's side, and shot Alford.
The suspects were then seen getting back into their car and driving away.
"Wherever this coward is, he will get caught," Alford said.
"Did you go back and try to help him or what?"
"He was working three jobs," Michael Harvey, a friend, said.
As the investigation into the fatal shooting continues, Alford said he wasn't giving up either.
"I can assure you, this one is going to get solved," he said.
Google bans 46 Android apps made by Chinese firm with 50 MILLION downloads - and it won't say why
According to Buzzfeed, Google removed the apps from the Play store last week but won't comment on why it has taken action against iHandy despite Buzzfeed asking several times.
This is the third time in recent months that Google has removed lots of apps from a major Chinese developer.
iHandy created a popular range of emoji apps that have also been removed from the Google Play Store.
The apps that google has removed include selfie, security, antivirus, keyboard, horoscope, emoji and health apps.
We have reached out to Google and iHandy for further comment.
'Clickfraud ' software pretends to be a normal app on the Google Play Store, but secretly performs criminal actions out of sight
Arrest Warrant Against Rabi Pirzada For Allegedly Keeping Animals Illegally
The action was taken against the singer after a video, where Rabi Pirzada was seen threatening Prime Minister Narendra Modi with snakes, went viral on social media.
In the video, Pirzada was seen posing with several snakes and an alligator.
BNP Paribas has been targeted before over its dealings with Sudan.
In 2015, a U.S. judge sentenced the bank to five years of probation and fined it nearly $9 billion after it pleaded guilty to violating United States sanctions against not only Sudan, but also Iran and Cuba.
Later, as a student rights activist, he says he was imprisoned and tortured.
He now lives in the United States.
My journey to the justice will be long.
Not only the bank, but to bring the real criminals to the court," he said.
Anjali Sualy is a lawyer for the Paris-based International Federation for Human Rights, which is also supporting the Sudanese victims.
Uber overhauls app in quest to build 'operating system for everyday life'
When riders search for a destination, they will see travel options listed in order of price, including public transit as well as electric bikes and scooters.
This means cheaper options such as subway and bus schedules may appear at the top of the list, and riders can request notifications when trains or buses they track are delayed.
It might seem unexpected for Uber to be guiding users away from taking a car, but the company has long harbored ambitions to become an all-encompassing transit platform.
In August, Uber cut 400 jobs as it attempted to rein in excessive spending and losses.
Meanwhile, new regulatory hurdles threaten to raise the company's operating costs by changing how drivers are paid.
Riders will now use a four-digit PIN to verify they are entering the correct car.
In the app, riders will now have a "Report Safety Incident" option and the ability to text 911 in case of emergency.
The company updated its "real-time ID check" feature introduced in 2016, requiring drivers to take selfies to verify identities.
A number of women announced last week they were bringing lawsuits against Lyft over drivers sexually assaulting them.
The policy, due to be put before the full council for final approval next month, says new streets should be given a Welsh name "consistent with the local heritage and history of the area."
Place names can say a lot about an area's history and heritage; and this policy in the capital shows the council, and indeed, the country's commitment to promote the Welsh language.
It would give a boost to the status and use of the language in the city.
After all, the Welsh language belongs to everyone in Cardiff.
TNUSRB Constable Result Declared: Know How To Check
TNUSRB police constable written exam result is available on the official website tnusrbonline.org
The Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Board (TNUSRB) has released the result of the police constable written exam.
The Board has released the final answer key and the cut off marks.
List of candidates eligible for the next round of the recruitment has also been released district wise.
The recruitment was notified in March for recruitment to the posts of police constables, jail warders and firemen.
A total of 8826 vacancies have been announced by the Board.
Kenya: At Shamata Stadium, "Keeper Can't Dive Due to Construction"
Shamata is the highest settlement area, in terms of altitude, in Nyandarua County and can be ideal for training for budding long distance runners, but only if sports infrastructure is developed.
Shamata is home to Ruth Waithera, the pioneer 400 metres runner who is first Kenya woman to reach an Olympic sprints final, a feat she achieved at the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, USA.
She finished eighth in 51.56 seconds in a race won by American Valerie Brisco-Hooks in an Olympic record 48.83.
"The stadium will have two pitches, track, handball, volleyball court and a place for indoor games," the MCA said.
A Sh4 million dais that is being constructed by the county government has encroached too much onto the existing football pitch.
Gitau could not immediately give the exact acreage of the fenced stadium ground but insisted it will accommodate a running track, two pitches and ball courts and indoor games facility.
Officials in the county headquarters could not say if a design for the stadium existed or if money for its development has been budgeted for.
Youth, Sports and the Arts executive, Murani Ngugi put the acreage of the fenced area at about five acres.
The captain of Shamata FC, James Ndiritu, speaking after his team beat Leshau Pondo FC 4-0 in the final of Ndaragwa Constituency inter-wards tournament, said the youth are eagerly waiting completion of the stadium, hoping it's not hot air.
He said youth in the area have been lacking a place to engage in sports.
In search of glory, Yemen athlete drowns in Med trying to reach Europe
Slim and with a tight-trimmed beard, Yemeni Kung Fu champion Hilal al-Haj dreamed of finding athletic glory in Europe, but a risky sea journey to get there ended in tragedy.
"It was a short distance.
My brother was athletic, it seemed like it would be easy, but tragedy struck and he was swept away by a powerful wave.
"The waves were so high," the friend, who asked to remain anonymous, told AFP.
It was expected to be carried on to the capital in an ambulance, Saeed said.
Sanaa airport has been under blockade since 2017 by a Saudi-led military coalition backing the government against the Iran-aligned Huthis.
The failure of the sports institutions, corruption and nepotism destroy sports and talent.
A new model of financial autonomy, an option for academically weak students to exit early and empowering the Board of Governors to appoint the chairperson are matters likely to be discussed at today's IIT Council meeting, sources said.
The agenda for the meeting also includes a proposal for the IITs to consider providing students an option to exit a course after six semesters rather than dropping out.
Presently, the HRD Ministry appoints them.
A new model of financial autonomy will also be discussed in the meeting today.
The IIT Council comprises of top government functionaries, IIT and regulatory officials.
Boris Johnson's tax cuts will cost £26billion a year
The Prime Minister's proposed tax cuts will cost up to £26billion a year and mainly benefit wealthier households, the UK's leading economic think-tank warns today.
The intervention will heap pressure on Mr Johnson to water down the tax-cutting commitment he made during the Tory leadership campaign, which he is gambling on to be a big vote winner when a general election is called.
He said he wanted to help the "huge numbers" of middle income households which have been dragged into paying the 40 per cent higher rate of tax.
In its report, the IFS said the PM's proposed tax cut would cost the Treasury up to £9billion a year if introduced immediately and would take 2.5million people out of paying 40 per cent higher rate tax.
Mr Johnson has also outlined plans to raise the point at which National Insurance kicks in, currently set at £8,632.
Antonio Brown has indicated he's not retiring from the NFL, only a few days after announcing he was done with the league in a rant.
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now."
He followed with the suggestion that the game needs him.
Brown has been accused of sexual misconduct by two women.
He was released by the New England Patriots last week after playing only one game.
He's been dumped by three teams in the last six months.
The 31-year-old Brown also engaged in a Twitter spat with Los Angeles Rams safety Eric Weddle, who faced him often with the Baltimore Ravens.
Twitter Suspends Chinese Accounts Targeting Hong Kong Protests
Twitter said Monday it has suspended more than 200,000 accounts that it believes were part of a Chinese government influence campaign targeting the protest movement in Hong Kong.
The Chinese language account, @HKpoliticalnew, and the English account, @ctcc507, pushed tweets depicting protesters as violent criminals in a campaign aimed at influencing public opinion around the world.
About 200,000 more automated Twitter accounts amplified the messages, engaging with the core accounts in the network.
So it sounds like this is the first time they're deploying their new toy.
In 2017, Twitter specifically announced it would ban Russia-based RT and Sputnik from advertising on its platform.
Man set alight on doorstep 'in targeted attack'
A man has been set alight on his doorstep in what police believe is a targeted attack.
The 48-year-old was soaked in flammable liquid, believed to be petrol, before bursting into flames outside his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
Police have launched an attempted murder inquiry after they were called to the man's house at about 1am on Thursday.
Has a loved one come home acting suspiciously, smelling of smoke or petrol or with unexplained injuries?
Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting log 0065 of September 26, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
There are other sites that remain un-excavated.
Decades later, a 2014 excavation team revealed further structures in the west, southwest, and northern area of the site.
Today, a decorative frieze, which is believed to have framed the doorway of the holy site, is on display at Abu Dhabi's Louvre Museum.
Lee from the USA enjoyed visiting Timgad in Algeria with her friend Monica, saying they were the most incredible ancient ruins she's seen.
Algeria: Brother of Deposed President Jailed for 15 Years
Two remain abroad, thought to be in Spain.
It's the highest-profile conviction among Algeria's political and business elite since Bouteflika's ouster in April.
General Tartag had refused to leave his cell.
The defence counsel have vowed to appeal and express indignation at the speed of the trial and its lack of transparency.
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine
Owners can face heavy on-the-spot fines if they fail to provide basics like shelter, food and water.
The territory is the first jurisdiction in Australia to recognize animal sentience.
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare
Glyphosate is the key ingredient in Monsanto's weedkiller, Roundup.
It was too early to say what consequences Nestle's tighter controls would have on NKG, a spokesperson said.
Nestle's (NSRGF) decision to increase the frequency of checks was unlikely to disrupt global coffee supply chains, a spokesperson said.
Tests were done before the coffee was shipped from the countries of origin.
Nestle would start with suppliers in Indonesia and Brazil, since these countries are among the world's biggest coffee producers.
"Our agronomists will continue to work with coffee farmers to help them improve their weed management practices, including the appropriate use of herbicides and adoption of other weeding methods," the Swiss company said.
Brands such as Nescafe and Nespresso make up a sizable chunk of Nestle's powdered and liquid beverages business, which generated sales of 21.6 billion Swiss francs ($21.7 billion) in 2018.
Nestle last year agreed a deal to sell Starbucks' packaged coffees and teas around the world.
Does glyphosate cause cancer?
Glyphosate is used on more than 100 food crops, according to the EPA.
Scientists at an environmental advocacy group with links to the organic food industry say several popular breakfast cereals contain doses of the chemical that are higher than they consider safe for children.
But that has not stopped thousands of people from filing lawsuits against Monsanto alleging that exposure to Roundup caused them or their loved ones to develop cancer.
Bayer is contesting the verdict.
A 2015 study by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer found that glyphosate was "probably carcinogenic to humans," based on "limited" evidence of cancer in humans and "sufficient" evidence of cancer in experimental animals.
Somalia: At UN, Somalia's President Spotlights Country's Progress, but Cautions Eradicating Terrorism 'Will Not Be Easy'
Somalia was also impacted by land degradation, long-term drought and deforestation.
J. Lo, Shakira to perform at Super Bowl halftime show
NEW YORK (AP) - Jennifer Lopez and Shakira are going to bring the heat to the 2020 Pepsi Super Bowl Halftime Show.
"Going to see the world on fire," Lopez wrote.
So excited about getting on that #SuperBowlLIV #PepsiHalftime stage!" Shakira wrote.
Lopez released her multi-hit debut in 1999 and topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart with songs like "If You Had My Love," "All I Have" and the remixes of "I'm Real" and "Ain't It Funny."
Shakira released her first album in 1991 and crossed over with 2001's "Laundry Service," which featured the hits "Whenever, Wherever" and "Underneath Your Clothes."
The singer topped the Hot 100 chart with the Wyclef Jean-assisted anthem "Hips Don't Lie."
Shakira has won 11 Latin Grammys and three Grammys.
Jay-Z's Roc Nation company is co-producing the halftime show.
A feature on Japan Airlines' seat-booking system warning travellers of where young children are seated has caused a storm online.
This really ought to be mandatory across the board," venture capitalist Rahat Ahmed tweeted.
The revelation caused an internet firestorm, with supporters and naysayers battling it out.
"Answered prayers," airline specialist site The Points Guy titled a post on the subject.
Why not just have noise-cancelling headphones?!
It happens.
Some adults were worse," he tweeted.
The Army and BSF officials said the troops and observation posts have been asked to maintain the highest possible vigilance along with the International Border and Line of Control (LOC) in Jammu, Samba, Kathua, Rajouri, Poonch and Baramulla, Kupwara districts of the state.
The Punjab Police on Sunday claimed to have busted a terror module of the Khalistan Zindabad Force (KZF), backed by a terror group based in Pakistan and Germany.
Take a look inside this historic Scottish blacksmiths which has original features and beautiful views
Situated on the outskirts of Gorebridge, this three bedroom, four bathroom property is on the market for offers over £395,000 with Warners Solicitors & Estate Agents.
The 27ft living room features original ceiling beams.
The exposed stone fireplace with wood burning stove have been preserved to maintain the propertys character and charm.
As well as the original fireplace in the living room, the kitchen has a traditionally shaped window from when the house was a blacksmiths.
Tyrone's Gavin Devlin picks up 24-week suspension
He was accused of 'disruptive conduct not causing the premature termination of a game', by a supporter.
Devlin, who works alongside Tyrone boss Mickey Harte, didn't accept the punishment proposed by the CCCC and chose to request a hearing in front of the CHC, who found the alleged infraction proven.
Devlin now has the option to go to the GAA's Central Appeals Committee in an attempt to have his punishment overturned.
Former Tipperary hurler Eoin Brislane has been suspended for a total of 16 weeks arising from an incident in Tipp's Under-15 Arrabawn Hurling Tournament match with Wexford on 31 August.
The CCCC had proposed two separate bans on the grounds that Brislane had used abusive language towards a referee and for "any type of assault of a referee" under Rule 7.2 (c) of the official guide.
They found, however, that "the evidence presented did disclose a lesser infraction."
That infraction was "minor physical interference with a referee" and imposed a 12-week suspension.
The Federal High Court, Abuja Division, has issued a warning that it would order the imprisonment of the Director-General of the State Security Service (SSS), Yusuf Bichi
The court gave the warning on Thursday in response to the failure of the SSS to release the detained publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore.
The charge sheet also included an allegation that Mr Sowore and another defendant, Olawale Bakare, planned the protest to overthrow the incumbent government.
The SSS had obtained two separate orders for Mr Sowore's detention till September 21.
At the expiration of those orders, the SSS informed the court of an application earlier seeking further detention of Mr Sowore for 20 days.
Mr Agbadua argued that the allegations against Mr Sowore attracted capital punishment and that bail in such circumstances where highly restricted.
Mr Sowore met all the bail conditions on Wednesday, as certified by the court, and the SSS was promptly notified.
He said the SSS officials explained that they were awaiting a directive for Mr Sowore's release from Mr Bichi.
Why you should buy Herman Miller and Steelcase's stocks
U.S. businesses may be showing some signs of weakness, but that shouldn't scare you away from buying the stock of two office furniture companies, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Thursday.
Not only are Herman Miller and Steelcase are defying conventional wisdom, but they also have room to continue rising, the "Mad Money" host contended.
Herman Miller, a Zeeland, Michigan-based maker of high-end office furniture, has seen its stock rise 52% for the year, Cramer noted.
It closed at $45.98 on Thursday.
Its stock was at $18.40 at Thursday's close.
Cramer said there are two main reasons why the companies are having success, despite recession fears and the U.S.-China trade war.
Both companies do a lot of sourcing from China, Cramer said.
Perhaps the thing Cramer likes most about the two companies?
Last week, both Herman Miller and Steelcase beat earnings expectations.
"My own view is that we should hold firm, letting things settle and watching how events play out," he said in prepared remarks Friday to the Shadow Open Market Committee of economists who monitor Fed activity.
While the events shook markets, "they neither reflect - nor direct - the stance of monetary policy.
Gamers get chance to compete at Euros
UEFA has opened registration for esports competitors to represent their national teams at the inaugural eEURO 2020, with the qualifying phase kicking off in November 2019.
Gamers will compete in Konami's eFootball Pro Evolution Soccer 2020 (PES 20) on the Playstation 4 video game console.
A draw will take place in January 2020.
The winner of each group and the best six runners-up will qualify for the final tournament in London.
A total of $100,000 in cash prizes will be split between the quarter-finalists, including $40,000 for the winners.
Lil Wayne ordered to pay over $150K in phony concert case
He said Wayne received the $500,000 investment from him but then never performed and also never gave back the cash.
According to the legal docs, Lil Wayne was served with the lawsuit but he failed to respond, so the judge issued a default judgment against Weezy.
This is the latest in a string of legal troubles for the 36-year-old.
Earlier this year he threatened his former record company Moments in Time with legal action because they wouldn't return an old lyric notebook of his, instead they were trying to auction it for £189,600.
He also filed a £15.2 million lawsuit against former attorney Ronald Sweeney for allegedly tricking him out of the same amount while he represented the musician for 13 years.
San Francisco Mayor London Breed accused Trump of "taking swipes" at her city for "no reason other than politics.
"There are no needles washing out to the Bay or Ocean from our sewer system, and there is no relationship between homelessness and water quality in San Francisco," she said in a statement.
"I would love to have a President that wants to work with us on solutions to the challenges we face, whether that be with our infrastructure, our need for more housing, or helping people exit homelessness."
Earlier this week, Newsom said at a United Nations Climate Summit that he was "humiliated" by Trump's environmental record.
The administration has rolled back numerous environmental protections, from the Endangered Species Act to Obama-era climate rules, that Trump has called obstacles to economic development.
Zimbabwe: 'Poisoned' Doctor Leaves Country for Treatment
Dr. Peter Magombeyi, acting president of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, had been receiving care in Harare for a week since his release from captivity.
His father, Kingstone Magombeyi, had been staying with him at the hospital since his release last Thursday.
Monica Mutsvangwa, Zimbabwe's Information Minister, maintains police interfered with Magombeyi's departure for safety and health reasons.
They therefore need the court's assistance in delaying Dr. Magombeyi's departure to South Africa, before him giving the vital leads they need to advance their investigations.
His colleagues say the outspoken doctor was abducted for calling the strike on Sept. 3 to push President Emmerson Mnangagwa's government to raise doctors' salaries, currently equal to less than $200 per month.
With land out of bounds, Pak terrorists plan to infiltrate through the skies and seas
Since 2004, it had become mandatory for every Lashkar-e-Tayiba recruit to undergo a certain amount of maritime training.
It is impossible to man the entire sea and hence in this regard, intelligence and coordination become the key.
The smaller ones, in particular, pose the maximum danger.