Today is the International day for access to information.
This will be held from the 15th of this month until the 15th of next month.
Elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana on 21 next month.
It should be noted that many netizens have expressed their views in support of this action.
Gulalai Ismail hails from Pakistan.
Police are investigating the death of a youth who died by electrocution while using a mobile whilst it was charging.
Ramakrishnan was a resident of Odappalli area near Pallipalayam, Namakkal district.
His son is Devendran (age 27).
Devendran was charging his mobile whilst also using it yesterday afternoon at his house.
Suddenly there was an electrical leakage and Devendran was electrocuted.
He was thrown back and sustained severe injuries and died tragically.
On learning of this incident, the Pallipalayam police reached the house and conducted an inquiry.
Later, the body of Devendran was sent to Pallipalayam Government Hospital for post-mortem.
A complaint was made at Pallipalayam Police Station regarding the incident.
The court has advised to complete the arguments before October 18.
A bench headed by the Chief justice Ranjan Gogoi is hearing this case.
The hearing has been conducted for an additional one hour since last Monday.
Commenting on this, the judges said, “If there are any objections to the statement of the Archaeology department, you might have raised them in the Allahabad high court.
We won’t allow that to be raised here.”
In this scenario, the Ayodhya case came for hearing again today.
Around 4800 people have been diagnosed with Dengue in Uttarakhand.
The officials have also confirmed that so far, 3,000 persons in Dehradun and 1,100 people in Haldwani are suffering from Dengue.
Among them, 4 people died in Dehradun and 2 people died in Haldwani.
The death of a priest in Thiruvallur caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in that area.
Govindaraj (age 45) was residing in Iraiyamangalam near Thiruvallur.
He also knows siddha medicine, astrology and yoga.
Being from Nanganallur, Chennai, he bought an acre of land there 15 years ago, and was living alone.
He was growing herbal plants all around the house.
Govindaraj was performing pooja yesterday evening in the pooja room of the house.
Suddenly a mysterious object exploded with thunderous noise.
In this incident the body of Govindaraj caught fire.
He ran out of the house shouting.
Govindaraj who sustained severe burns, died on the spot.
On hearing this information, Mappedu police rushed to the spot and sent the body of the deceased to Thiruvallur Government hospital for postmortem.
Lavanya luckily escaped, as she was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded.
There were also blood stains in the pooja room.
The death of a priest caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in the area.
The Southern Region Superintendent Mr. Vijayakumar and Deputy Superintendent Mr. Hardwin Jagadeeshkumar, CBCID Inspector Ms. Chitradevi conducted the investigation and properly recorded the statement.
Upon inquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used for the filming of the new film directed by Pon Ram starring actor Sasikumar.
Immediately, the public blocked ambulances and argued with the film crew.
On hearing about the incident, the Kanavilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning.
The Nataraja statue rescued from Australia, was kept in the premises of Kallidaikurichi Kulasekaramudayar temple, yesterday.
The Kallidaikurichi Aramvalartha Nayaki with Kulasekaramudayar temple is in Tirunelveli district.
The panchaloka idols of the two and a half foot tall Nataraja statue, Sivakami ambal, Manickavasagar, Sripalinathar in the Nataraja shrine of this ancient temple, were stolen in 1982.
Upon the efforts of a special team led by the chief of the idol wing Pon Manickavel, the statue was rescued and brought to Tamil Nadu.
Subsequent to the order of the Kumbakonam court, it was brought to Kallidaikurichi yesterday.
Later the statue was kept in the shrine of the Kulasekaramudayar temple.
Special officer Pon Manickavel said: The other three statues including Sivakami ambal that were stolen along with these statues will be traced soon.
The CBCID police have arrested 3 more medical students and their fathers in connection with the NEET exam impersonation case.
Udit Surya and father Dr.Venkatesan working in Stanley Medical College, were arrested in connection with impersonating in the NEET exam.
Meanwhile, the CBCID police were intensely investigating the impersonation case.
The CBCID police have today arrested Abirami, Praveen, Rahul of Krishnagiri and Villupuram Medical colleges and their fathers and are questioning them.
The President said this during his speech while inaugurating the second phase of the ‘Shilpa Sena’ exhibition that began in the Polannurava Gallele National stadium yesterday.
In the new products section of the Shilpa sena exhibition, more than 250 new inventions have been displayed, and projects have been implemented for making those products commercial.
The annual dusshera festival held in Kulashekaranpattinam Mutharamman temple near Thiruchendur is famous throughout the world.
The Dusshera festival for the year 2019 started today with the hoisting of flag.
The devotees have the privilege of worshipping the Godess and God together as Mutharamman sits in the sanctum with Gnanamoortheeswarar.
20 persons died in a powerful earthquake that hit Indonesia on Thursday.
There was a powerful earthquake near Ambon city in Malukku islands on Thursday at 8.45 am (local time).
It was recorded as 6.5 units in Richter scale.
Robbery attempted in Kanchipuram ATM.
There is a State Bank of India at Velinga pattarai area of Kanchipuram.
Today at around 3 am 3 mysterious persons on a motor cycle parked it in front of the ATM and saw the camera at the door of the ATM.
Kanchipuram taluk Police Inspector Baskar, Sub-Inspector Chellapillai and other police who were on patrolling duty came there on the way.
But the Inspector Baskar chased them for some time.
The Kanchipuram taluk police have registered a case regarding this and are on the lookout for mysterious persons who attempted robbery in the ATM.
Tamils should appreciate Prime Minister Modi for his speech praising the riches of the Tamil language, U.N. council Minister Sellur Raju has said.
He said this to the press persons while flagging new buses at Arappalayam bus stand, Madurai.
This interview with Minister Sellur Raju has made even the cadres of BJP feel shy.
He also said that the rule of law prevails in Tamil Nadu, and the arrest of former ADMK councillor Jayagobal is the best example for that.
Tahil Ramani served as the chief justice of Chennai High Court.
Accordingly, it was decided to appoint Tahil Ramani as the Chief Justice of Meghalaya High court.
Justice Tahil Ramani refused to accept this transfer and made a demand to the collegium.
At this stage, a case was filed against the transfer of Tahil Ramani.
The case was also dismissed.
Meanwhile, a farewell was conducted for Tahil Ramani on behalf of the associations of Chennai High Court lawyers.
K.Selvaraj, DMK secretary of Tirupur North district headed the agitation.
Executives from all parties including CPI(M) state committee member K.Kamaraj, S.Muthukannan, CPI (M) secretary, Tirupur district, M.Ravi, CPI secretary, Tirupur district, Ramasamy of Congress party, and Sampath from the MDMK, all took part in the agitation.
Since more than 500 people particularly women, participated together in the agitation, and raised their voice against violence, the police retreated without arresting those who defied the ban.
The District collectors of Namakkal and Thiruvallur districts showed the awards, which were presented to them by the Central Government for Best performance in Medical Service, to the Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy and were greeted by him.
The District Collector of Namakkal District M.Asia Mariam showed the award presented by the Central Government for best implementation of the scheme “Save Girl child, Educate Girl child” for a fourth year in a row, resulting in an improvement of sex ratio. The District Collector of Thiruvallur District Maheswari Ravikumar showed the award which was presented on 6.9.2019 in a function held in New Delhi, for creating awareness of this scheme among the people. She was greeted by the Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy at the Secretariat.
Only then did I realise that it would be helpful in many ways.
World heart day is celebrated on September 29 of every year.
Chief Consultant of Apollo Hospital and Interventional Cardiac Treatment specialist Dr.Sengottuvelu presided over this event.
The head of the hospital Dr. A.Muruganathan received it.
During his speech in this event expert Dr. G.Sengottuvelu said:
Thus he spoke.
The disqualification period of the Sikkim Chief Minister Premsingh who was convicted in corruption case has been reduced to one month from six years.
So the stalemate has been removed for Damang to contest in the by-election.
Sikkim assembly elections were held along with Loksabha elections.
Sikkim Granthikari Morcha registered an overwhelming victory in this election.
The leader of that party Premsingh Damang took charge as the Chief Minister of the state.
But Damang was sentenced to prison in 2016 by a lower court in a corruption case.
In this scenario Damang is contesting in the Sikkim by-election.
Damang is ruling in Sikkim with the support of BJP.
Thus there is no ban for Damang to contest in the Assembly by-election.
Using the concession given to Damang the BJP may start its political game in other states including Tamilnadu.
Government doctor Venkatesan, the father of Udit surya has been suspended in the NEET exam impersonation case.
Udit Surya, a student who was admitted to Theni Medical College was found to have impersonated in the NEET exam.
But Udit Surya and his family escaped and absconded.
Also Udit Surya has applied for anticipatory bail in the court.
In this scenario, police arrested Udit Surya who was staying with family in Tirupathi.
The family of Udit Surya was arrested together and was brought to Theni and enquired for several hours.
And based on the statement of acknowledgement given by Venkatesan, a mediator Joseph has been arrested in Kerala.
He is to be brought to Tamil Nadu for enquiry.
Doctor Venkatesan, the father of Udit Surya and doctor in the Stanley Government hospital, Chennai has been suspended in NEET exam impersonation case.
Meanwhile, the CBCID police today conducted an enquiry in the NEET exam coaching centre run by the mediator Joseph in Thiruvananthapuram.
By-elections for the vacant Nanguneri and Vikravandi constituencies in Tamil Nadu are to be held on 21st of next month (October).
DMK contests in Vikravandi constituency. Nanguneri is given to their ally in congress.
The General Secretary of Indian National Congress and the Tamil Nadu in charge Mukul Vasnik announced the name of the congress candidate contesting in Nanguneri, last night.
Ruby Manoharan is a native of Marayapuram near Marthandam in Kanyakumari district.
A book titled Letter reformation of Periyar was introduced in Bukhitporundung and Menthagob farm government Tamil schools.
And this book will be sent to 535 Tamil schools functioning in Tamilnadu in phases.
In the first phase, these books were sent to 150 Tamil schools functioning in Bakang district and Silangur district.
More than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools.
And more than 7 thousand teachers are working.
This book provided a best opportunity for the students studying here and the teachers to know about the service done by Periyar for Tamil language.
During this event Chinnaiya was felicitated with Periyar Volunteer award.
K.K. Raman, a poet and a former Tamil School principal and Periyar K.K.Raman read a poem about Periyar.
There were revolutionary movements before and after Bagat Singh.
The name of Bagat Singh became popular in India after the incident of bombing assembly in April 1929.
But within a year of introduction his fame spread so quickly even in the nook and corners of Tamilnadu.
Excerpts of that editorial:-
It is our strong opinion that India is really in need of the policies of Bagat Singh.
Thus Periyar has mentioned in the editorial of the Magazine Kudiyarasu.
Meanwhile, a policeman who was on guard in the school where this incident took place, arrested a girl for kicking a teacher.
Copies of her finger prints were also recorded.
It was not known whether he took another child to the police station.
Uttar Pradesh received over 3 percent more rain than normal on Friday.
The eastern part of the state is badly affected.
Yesterday, Pragyaraj received 42.5mm rain and Varanasi received 6.2mm rain.
Lucknow, Amethi, Harday, and other districts were surrounded by floods due to heavy rain.
Three students died as the wall of a government building collapsed in Udaipur in Rajasthan.
Bill Gates honoured Indian Prime Minister Modi by presenting the Global goalkeeper for implementing Clean India Mission.
It is the right of employees to engage in union activities.
The Education Minister Sattatharani Akilaviraj Kariyavasam said in the parliament last July that the salary of teachers and principals is set for a massive increase in 2015, and this amount will be increased by 106 percent and such an increase in pay would be an action undertaken by any government.
The Minister also said in Parliament on the 7th of June, that the Ministry of Education has submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay anomalies of teachers and principals, to Ranukke panel appointed regarding the general pay anomalies in government services.
The procedure to obtain the pension is being prepared and implemented.
Subsequently, this case was transferred to CBCID.
Following this, Udit Surya absconded along with his parents.
In this scenario, a special team caught Udit Surya, his father Venkatesan, and his mother Kayalvizhi in the Tirupathi foothills.
Currently Atanasio is a Member of Panaji Assembly constituency.
It should be noted that Atanasio who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail.
More than 400 people were injured.
The earthquake was centered around 10 km.
It was felt in most places of Punjab and few places of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Many were sent to Rawalpindi for further treatment.
Election king Padmarajan has filed his nomination to the election officer for contesting in the Nanguneri by-election.
Padmarajan who belongs to Veerakkaval pudhur village in Mettur, has run in the election against many leaders such as Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, Jayalalitha, Karunanidhi and Rajasekara Reddy.
In the election for the President he has run against Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee, and Ramnath Govind.
He has spent Rs.32 Lakhs of his own money for the deposit that is made while filing the nomination.
In this scenario he contests in the by-election for the Nanguneri assembly constituency and he filed his nomination to the election officer Natesan, yesterday.
He says that he is running for election in Nanguneri for the 206th time, and his goal is to enter the Guinness Book of Records, rather than actually winning.
This election king, Padmarajan, is the holder of the record for the most number of election losses in India.
Vikram Lander of the space ship Chandrayaan-2 sent by ISRO landed in the South Pole region of the Moon on last 7th.
But communication with it was lost in the last minute.
It was considered that the fast crash landing of Vikram Lander instead of a soft landing on Moon`s surface may have damaged it and the communication may be lost.
In this scenario, LROC orbiter of NASA crossed the South Pole region on the Moon on the 17th of last month.
Regarding this Deputy Project Director of NASA`s LROC said, “LROC orbiter crossed the south pole region of Moon on last 17th.
However, the landing site of Vikram Lander cannot be found accurately.
LROC will cross the South Pole region again on the 14th of next month.
Modi is campaigning for US President Trump without caring about economy.
When an actor came from Bangladesh for campaigning, the Indian government blocked it.
But Modi has gone to America and has campaigned for the return of Trump as the President.
3,000 farmers of the Ambarai, Monarakalai and Athimalai regions who have paid the insurance installment will be paid compensation for production loss.
The postal voting for the Elpitiya regional council election, to be held on the 11 of next month, will now be held tomorrow.
The President of the Election Commission, Mahinda Desapriya, has said that those who are unable to cast their votes tomorrow will have the chance to cast their votes through the post on the 4th of next month.
Two libraries and one centre opened on the birthday of Periyar in Malaysia.
Pahang district, Mentakab gardens:
Around 100 students are studying in this Tamil school founded in 1928.
On 17-9-2019 Periyar library was opened here by Govindhasamy, President of Farm Administrators (Saba) and worker in the Dravidian movement.
Members of the school’s Administrative board, Parent Teachers Association, teachers, students and Periyar workers Avudayar, Raman, Chinnaiah participated in this event.
Periyar’s books were donated to the teachers and students of the school.
Bukitraja Gardens, Killan city:
Around 160 students are studying in the Tamil school here.
Periyar centre was opened here.
Around 500 books were donated to the centre.
Ms.Mallika Palaniyandi, the headmistress of the school presided over the event.
Periyar workers and comrades of Dravida Kazhakam took part in the event.
Kadong Gardens, Banding city:
Periyar Books were gifted to teachers.
The above events were excellently arranged by M. Govindhasamy.
It is notable that lectures about Periyar and his works were delivered in these three schools.
The candidate of the Left Democratic Alliance, Mani C.Kappan has won Kerala’s Pala assembly constituency by-election.
K.M. Mani was a part of Congress Alliance though he started a new party after splitting from Congress.
K.M. Mani is a politician who has never lost an election in the political history of Kerala.
Hence the by-election was announced for Pala assembly constituency.
The election for this constituency was held on 23rd of last month.
Mani C.Kappan ran as the candidate of Left Front, Jose Tom Pulikkunnel as the candidate of Congress Alliance, and Kottayam Hari ran as the candidate of BJP in this constituency.
The votes polled in this election were counted this morning.
The Left candidate Mani C. Kappan received 54,137 votes and won the election.
Kottayam Hari who ran as the BJP candidate received 18,044 votes.
There may be showers with clouds or thunder showers in the regions beyond the coast from Kangesanthurai and Trincomalee to Batticaloa.
In the coastal areas of the country, there will be winds from the south-west direction with speeds of 10km to 30km per hour.
During these thundery showers, wind speeds will temporarily increase from 70-80 kms per hour.
Prime Minister Modi is on a 7 day government trip to the United States.
Prime Minister Modi will speak at the UN annual general council meeting tomorrow.
As part of that, he met the American President Donald Trump in the Howdy Modi event in Houston, United States.
Producing fuels using nuclear power is still a challenge for India.
The reason is that India is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Thus Prime Minister Modi spoke.
Burial urn found near Pallipalayam.
Electricity board staff dug a pit on September 26th for erecting an electric pole in Bharathi nagar in Kokkarayanpettai, Pallipalayam in Namakkal district.
The All Indian Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the higher body for technical education, is involved in updating and upgrading the syllabus of engineering studies periodically.
Higher education institutions for engineering studies follow the syllabus framed by AICTE.
As per the guidelines released by AICTE in June 2019, it has instructed the students admitted to engineering studies to opt for 3 subjects out of 32 non-curriculum options, to be studied in the 3rd, 4th, and 5th semesters.
The students enrolled in the first year at Anna University campus colleges, such as College of Engineering, Guindy, School of Architecture and Planning, Alagappa college of Engineering and Madras Institute of Technology in Chrompet, selected the course wise optional subjects.
Meanwhile, there is a severe opposition in Tamil Nadu to the sudden introduction of the Bhagavad Gita in the syllabus by Anna University.
His objective is to embrace all with equal status
He also said that none of the relatives are working in his ministry or any of its subsidiaries.
DMK high command has nominated 68 MLA`s in field for Vikravandi by-election duty.
By-election for both Vikaravandi and Nanguneri constituencies are to be held on October-21.
In these constituencies DMK and Congress contests against AIADMK in Vikravandi and Nanguneri respectively.
Since AIADMK will give a tough fight in Vikravandi constituency with the support of PMK, it is said that the DMK president Stalin has devised various strategies, in discussion with the District Secretary Ponmudi.
The number of DMK MLAs is 100. Among them 68 MLAs have been nominated in charge of Vikravandi by-election by the DMK high command.
32 MLAs belonging to the southern states alone are exempted.
They were also being requested to support congress in Nanguneri constituency.
Ponmudi has been appointed as the President of Election working committee and Jagathratchagan MP has been appointed as the Secretary.
Others including A.Angayarkanni, Salem Selvaganapathi, and A.K.S. Vijayan were also appointed.
CBI raids the house of former Bengaluru Police commissioner.
CBI is conducting a search operation in the house of former Bengaluru Police commissioner in connection with tapping the phones of political personalities.
After the collapse of the Kumarasamy led government in Karnataka, Bharatiya Janata came to power.
Yeddyurappa was sworn in as the Chief Minister.
Bharatiya Janata Party complained about phone tapping during the Kumarasamy regime.
The CBI has filed a case and is conducting an inquiry.
Whether that pen drive is rescued or not will be known only after the search is over.
During his speech he reminded India is a land where saints like Buddha, Vivekananda and Kaniyan Poonkundranar lived.
Famous poet Kaniyan Poonkundranar who lived before 3000 years in India has sung, “World is one, all are relations” in Tamil, the worlds ancient language.
This is the uniqueness of India.
We don’t consider terrorism as threat to India alone.
We consider this as a threat to the whole world, against humanity.
Hence the whole world must rally against terrorism.
And not the differences of opinion.
Sajith Premadasa will compete in the Sri Lankan presidential election as the candidate of United National party.
Gotabaya Rajapaksha is competing in this election as the candidate of Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna.
Sirisena planned for an easy win by sending Ranil to prison without allowing him to complete.
Now Sajith Premadasa is projected to be the candidate of United National Party.
It should also be noted that Sajith is the son of former President Premadasa.
He indirectly attacked Ranil.
A reservation put forth by Thanthai Periyar is under threat in Tamil Nadu, remarked former Minister and Member of Legislative Assembly E.V.Velu.
The birthdays of Thanthai Periyar and Scholar Anna were celebrated in the Dhivya Education Institution, Chetpet, on Thursday.
The correspondent of the Dhivya Education Institution, B.Selvarasan presided over the function.
During the rule of many kings including Chera, Chola, Pandya, Chalukya and Krishnadeva Raya, women were not told to study.
But it was only Periyar who struggled for women’s education, improvement of their livelihood and equal rights in property.
Thanthai Periyar was the reason behind all these initiatives.
The policy of Thanthai Periyar is being threatened now.
Member of Bolur constituency K.V.Sekaran, Former MLAs Rajendran, Pandurangan, Saval Poondi Sundaresan, Chetpet and DMK town secretary Murugan spoke at the event.
Infact ProTrainers and Seek foundation jointly conducted a one day recruitment camp at Jerusalem College, in Pallikaranai, Chennai.
The 5th phase of excavation is underway at Keezhadi in Sivagangai District near Madurai, on behalf of the Tamil Nadu Archaeology department.
Minister Mafa Pandiyarajan has said that a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains that are found in Keezhadi.
At first Modi and Donald Trump participated in Howdy Modi event in Houston.
At that time, Trump praised Modi as the father of India.
The meeting of IIT council comprising the directors of IIT education institutions that are functioning under the Central Human Resources department was held on 28.9.2019, headed by the Cabinet Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal.
It has been decided to increase the fees for M.Tech in IIT institutions by 10 times.
The book “The Art of Cartoon” written by Ranu, released by the editor of Kalaimagal magazine Keezhambur Sankara Subramaniam was received by former IAS officer Karpura Sundarapandiyan.
The Publishing ceremony of the book “The Art of Cartoon” written by late “Cartoonist” Ranu alias S.K.Ramanujam was held at Russian Cultural Centre, Chennai on Sunday.
The author of the Kalaimagal magazine Keezhambur Sankara Subramaniam released the first copy of the book, and it was received by former IAS officer and the president of Siddhar research centre R.Karpura Sundarapandiyan.
The chief guest of the event Karpura Sundarapandiyan in his speech said:-
Late cartoonist Ranu alias Ramanujam was a legend among cartoonists.
In contrary, it is a proud thing that the family of Ranu has released his book after his death.
Though Ranu is dead, he will live for a long time through his creations and through this book.
In his speech, Keezhambur Sankara Subramaniam said, S.K.Ramanujam was a leading cartoonist in India.
Ranu was not only an expert at drawing but also with cartoons and in the field of animation.
He will live long through the students he has created and through his letters and cartoons.
The coordinator of Ranu cartoon Research and Education foundation R.Boopathi delivered the vote of thanks.
How many check dams were constructed in the 8 year ADMK rule, DMK has questioned the Chief Minister Edappadi Palanisamy.
In his statement the DMK President Duraimurugan has stated, the water released in Cauvery is reaching the sea without uselessly due to the negligence and ineffective administration.
Edappadi Palanisamy, thinking of answering this question asked, “Has the DMK party, who is criticizing us, built at least one check dam during their rule?”
“What I want to tell him is, during the rule of our party we have constructed a check dam across Cauvery at Mayanur.
That check dam built in Mayanur has improved the ground water level in that area.
So Agriculture prospered.
Had there been any need, the then Chief Minister would have given permission immediately, allotted money and initiated the works.
So Edappadi is in no way qualified to criticize the party in caring about Cauvery.
Another question; During DMK ruling periods, we have constructed more than 40 check dams in Tamilnadu.
Can you refer to at least one dam as built during the previous ADMK regimes?
Don’t lie.
Leaving all these details and putting forth an unreal accusation that no check dams were built across Cauvery during the DMK regime may be fine for Edappadi personally but neither good nor a civilized act for the post that is being held by him, and it is my duty to remind him about this, said Duraimurugan.
At present, banks are determining the interest based on MCLR method.
Accordingly, the State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it has decided to fix Housing, Vehicle loans and SME loans based on the MCLR rate as a scale.
The president of the association, Prabhath Chandrakeerthi, said that this decision will be made following discussion with the the cabinet sub-committee tomorrow, and the receiving of application for postal voting for the Presidential election.
This match is to start at 3.30pm Sri Lankan time.
This is the first cricket match between these two countries to be held in 10 years in Pakistan.
The International Cricket Council has appointed Michael Gough and Yowilson as the umpires for the One day series.
Then it departs to Kualalumpur at 11.25 pm from Trichy.
Engineers engaged in repairing the technical fault.
But as the technical fault was unable to be repaired, the passengers were made to exit from the plane.
Dengue fever is spreading rapidly in Tamil Nadu and Pudhuchery.
It has been raining in various places in Tamil Nadu during the past few days.
The deadline to link Aadhar with the PAN number is extended until December 31.
The deadline to link Aadhar number with Permanent Income tax Account Number (PAN number) has been extended till December 31.
This is the seventh time that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has extended the deadline for linking PAN-AADHAR.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is providing each Indian citizen with a 12 digit identification number called the Aadhar number.
The income tax department is providing a 10 digit alphanumeric identification number called a Permanent Income Tax Account Number (PAN number) for tax paying individuals and companies.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court which is investigating the case filed against providing the Aadhar card to citizens, gave a judgment last September, declaring the Aadhar scheme to be legal.
DMK leader M.K. Stalin today visited the Keezhadi excavation sites that revealed the Tamil culture in the banks of river Vaigai.
The results of the Keezhadi excavation revealed that the lifestyle told in ancient Tamil literature is the life of the real Tamils, and is not just fiction.
The urban civilisation in the banks of the river Ganges started during 6th century BC.
The results of the Keezhadi excavation have prompted a rewriting of the history of the Indian sub-continent.
The public is visiting the Keezhadi excavation sites, which is a symbol of pride to every Tamilian.
Following him, today the DMK leader, M.K.Stalin visited the Keezhadi excavation sites.
The CPM MP S.Venkatesan and many leading executives of DMK accompanied him.
Hunter, the son of Joe Biden was appointed as a paid board member of Burisma Holdings of Ukraine in April, 2014.
A government official trying to attack a journalist in the presence of School Education Minister Sengottaiyan, has created a stir.
Minister Sengottaiyan inaugurated a drinking water project in TN Palayam near Gobi, Erode district.
When the journalists were taking photos of him, the Assistant Executive Engineer of Tamil Nadu water and drainage board, Muthulingam, was interrupting them.
Minister Sengottaiyan, upon discovering that he was under the influence of alcohol, ordered him to leave.
Subsequently, higher officials chased Muthulingam from the function.
However, more reporters staged a road blockade demanding departmental action against him.
When he learned about this, Minister Sengottaiyan contacted the higher officials of Tamil Nadu water and drainage board, and severely scolded them, asking how could they attend the function under the influence of alcohol.
The evidence obtained in this study now shows urbanisation in the banks of the river Vaigai.
The scientific estimation in the Keezhadi excavation has dated the Tamil-Brami back a further 100 years. This study has revealed that the Tamil society was a literate community in 6 BC.
These pieces of bone on classification during analysis were identified as oxen, buffalo, goat, wild boar, antelope and peacock.
Similarly, the state government will combine with the central government to carry out the 6th phase of archaeological excavation at four places during the next year, said the Minister for Tamil official language and Tamil culture.
The Manamadurai MLA S.Nagarajan, former Member of Parliament Senthilnathan, Assistant Director of Archaeology Jeevanandam, Guardian Asaithambi, Thiruppuvanam Tahsildar Raja and government officials, and many others participated in this event.
Actress Ambika, Singer L.R.Eswari and Poornima Kumar gave prizes to Ramanan couple, who was selected as the best elderly couple.
The events were organised by Poornima Kumar of Virgo events.
Businessman Nalli Kuppusamy chetti, Actress Ambika, Singer L.R. Eswari participated in the function and gave prizes and encouraged the elders who won in the competition.
15 grannies participated in the fashion show.
Haripriya won the First prize.
Sureka, Radhika won the 2, 3 prizes respectively.
Manick won the first place and Kannan won the 2nd place.
Suzanne, Kala and Vanaja won the best dancing granny prize.
In the Mr. and Mrs. Chennai competition, Ramanan couple won first place and Seenivasan Balambal couples won second place.
The families of the elderly participated and encouraged them.
92 year old Lalitha danced for the snake song and took everyone by surprise.
Labour commissioner Muthumanickam participates in the International Labour Organisation meeting.
The Chief Deputy Labour Commissioner of the Ministry of Central Labour and Employment Muthumanickam has participated in this meeting as the representative of the Indian government.
Meanwhile, S.A.Chandrasekar, the father of actor and director Vijay, came to Tuticorin today via a flight from Chennai, in order to participate in a program at Nagarcoil in Kanyakumari district.
He was asked about the Vijay’s speech and the opposition of AIADMK.
In his reply he stated, “Subasri lost her life as the banner fell on her while riding on a bike on the road.
Vijay also spoke about a subject that everyone was talking about.
The deputy Chief Minister O.Paneer Selvam today inspected the flats of the Tamilnadu slum clearance board located in Valliswaran Koil thottam, Raja Annamalaipuram, Chennai and listened to the grievances of the public.
The Deputy Chief Minister assured the residents that their demand to demolish the dilapidated flats and build new ones, will be accepted and works for construction of new flats will be started soon and completed.
The Deputy Chief Minister informed that the old flats measuring 200 sq.ft will be demolished and new flats of 400 sq.ft with a bedroom, a reception hall, a kitchen, a bathroom and toilet will be built in an estimate of Rs.67.89 under Housing for all scheme.
The Deputy Chief Minister ordered the concerned officials of the slum clearance board and Chennai municipality to keep this area clean and hygienic until then.
Ravi MLA and officials were present.
The Carnatic Music Competition for young artists is held by the Indira Sivasailam foundation.
As a prelude to the Indira Sivasailam Foundation annual music festival at the Chennai music academy, the Indira Sivasailam foundation conducted a music competition named for the 7th year “Anwesha Quest for the Best”
The “Anwesha Bala vidwan” competition which was introduced in 2018, provides a platform for budding artists to exhibit their talent before judges from the famous “The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music” and the awardees of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
The participants of the Anwesha Bala vidwan competition are requested to upload their talent and skills in Carnatic music via video format to the Facebook page of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation.
The team of judges included Professor Ritha Rajan, Dr.R.S.Jayalakshmi, the members of the teachers team of The Music Academy Advanced School of Carnatic Music, and the recipient of this year’s Indira Sivasailam foundation medal, Dr.Bandhula.
Apart from the vocal and musical instrument section for artists of age 10-15 (flute and violin), competitions for artists of ages 16-20 have also been introduced this year.
The details of the winners of the Anwesha 2019 competition are as follows:
Swathika, Dhuruv S.Pathangi and in the musical instrument category Kamatchi Ambathiputhi, Aprameya Seshadri are the winners.
R.T.Shyam Raghav won the vocal instrument category for artists of 16-20 years.
The members of Anwesha Judges team were Dr.Bandhula Rama, Professor Ritha Rajan, Dr. R.S.Jayalakshmi and Sunita Subramanian of the Indira Sivasailam Foundation presented the prizes to the winners.
Payal Jankit (17) hails from Hinsla village, 100 Kms from Jaipur in Rajasthan district.
So many child marriages were stopped in that area.
Payal Jankit received the award from Deputy General Secretary Amina J.Mohammed.
In her speech after receiving the award Payal said, “There were many problems in our village.
They will be married at a very young age.
My family decided to marry me also at a very young age.
Subsequently, we conducted many rallies, agitations against child marriage and requesting girl child to be sent to school.
We went door by door and created awareness about this among all.
A period of public amnesty has been announced again in Jordan.
Twice during the just-concluded MP election, Amit Shah said sternly “I won’t care about what you may do. Lotus must blossom in Tamil Nadu.”
Accordingly there is a thought among the people of Nadar, Vanniyar and Devendra kula velalar communities, that these people are not given required importance by both ADMK and DMK.
So they are upset with the Dravidian parties, it is said.
It is said that it has decided to honour each community by granting a post.
The appointment of Tamilisai Soundararajan as the Telengana Governor is such a move.
Similarly, it is said that the BJP government is giving importance to nadars in higher posts in ISRO.
Drunkard kills a laborer near Villupuram.
A laborer was killed using a sickle in a case of pre existing animosity in Valavanur, Villupuram.
Tension prevailed as the Sub-Inspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked.
Thanigairaj (28) is the son of Pichaikaran of Kengarampalayam colony at Valavanur near Villupuram.
He was a laborer.
Ayyanar (33) is the son of Kasinathan from the same area.
There were cases on these two in Valavanur Police station also.
In this aspect, after consuming alcohol on Saturday evening and he was threatening the passersby in Kengarampalayam colony area with the sickle.
During that time due to pre existing animosity Ayyanar went to the house of Thanigairaj and picked up a quarrel with him.
In the ensuing clash, he suddenly attacked Thanigairaj with the sickle used to cut tender coconuts.
Thanigairaj who fell in a pool of blood died in the spot.
On knowing the information Valavanur Sub-Inspector Manikandan and other police rushed to the spot and tried to catch him.
Sub-Inspector Manikandan sustained injury in his hand while he was attacked at that time.
Subsequently, police chased down Ayyanar and took him to the police station.
On knowing about the incident, Villupuram DSP J.Sankar, Valavanur Police Inspector Nandagopal and other police rushed to the spot and conducted investigation, surveying the spot.
Police security was provided as the killing in Kengarampalayam created fear in the Pondicherry border area.
Upon complaint about this incident, Valavanur police have registered a death case and arrested Ayyanar and are investigating.
Road safety awareness campaign rally was conducted by New Prince Sri Bhavani Arts and Science College at Medavakkam near Chennai and Chennai Corporation Traffic Police Department (Madipakkam Traffic Police circle).
The director of New Prince Sri Bhavani Arts and Science College, M.Prabakaran welcomed all.
The Madipakkam Traffic Police Inspector Sivasankaran participated as the chief guest and flagged off the Awareness rally and delivered a special lecture, distributing the guideline manual to the students.
Students must wear a helmet while riding two wheelers and should never use a mobile phone while driving a vehicle.
Students should drive vehicles only after learning to drive properly.
Today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of Professor Senaha Vibile.
Today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of Professor Senaha Vibile who was the pioneer of the National Medicine Policy.
He was killed under mysterious circumstances in the Guyana islands.
He was the first professor in the country in the department of Medicine.
Professor Vibile worked as the first Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Peradanai University.
Due to his activities like this, he was subjected to the hatred of the multinational companies.
The mystery surrounding his death has not yet been solved.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke on behalf of India today.
During his speech he quoted lines of the Tamil poet Kaniyan Poonkundranar “The world is one, all are relations.”
But he did not refer to Jammu Kashmir at any point during his speech.
As per the 2011 census, 93.91% of the people in Kerala are literate.
This commission is conducting classes and exams in each district to increase literacy.
It is compulsory to score 30 marks for a pass in this exam.
3,090 tribal people from Vayanad district took part in the exam.
The Director of School Education, S.Kannappan has ordered the distribution of second term books and notebooks for students studying in 27 government and government-aided schools on October 3.
Free notebooks for government and government-aided schools are given to all districts through TNPL.