To get front pages, he would reportedly don surgical masks and put tape on his nose to spark conversation.
He added: "It's backfired on him now, though, that's the sad thing."
Fiddes also addressed allegations of child sexual abuse against Jackson by Wade Robson and James Safechuck, which were aired in the controversial, Emmy Award-winning documentary Leaving Neverland.
Both Robson and Safechuck allege that they were abused by Jackson as children for a number of years.
Fiddes claimed that "this whole paedophile thing is complete nonsense... the guy had girlfriends and had a legitimate marriage to Lisa Marie [Presley], that was the way he lived his life."
"They say there were boys around, that was not the case at all," he said.
Government Retires 15 More Senior Tax Officials On Graft Charges
The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) -- the agency that oversees GST and import tax collections -- compulsorily retired 15 senior officers under Fundamental Rule 56 (J) on corruption and other charges, official sources said.
Sources said the action was in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort when he had said some black sheep in the tax administration may have misused their powers and harassed taxpayers, either by targeting honest assesses or taking excessive action for minor or procedural violations.
"We have recently taken the bold step of compulsorily retiring a significant number of tax officials, and we will not tolerate this type of behaviour," he had said.
In June, the government had compulsorily retired 15 commissioner-level officials of CBIC on charges of corruption, collecting and giving bribes, smuggling and even criminal conspiracy. Prior to that, the government had compulsorily retired 12 senior IRS officials from the Income Tax department over charges of corruption, sexual harassment, disproportionate assets under Rule 56 (J) of the Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules.
In August, the government compulsorily retired 22 CBIC officials. The Rule 56 (J) of Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules, 1972 provides for periodical review of the performance of government servants with a view to ascertain whether they should be retained in service or retired in public interest.
A woman in Maine got 500 letters from United Healthcare within five days
Stephanie Lay said she found the piles of letters from the insurance company stashed in her mailbox between Thursday and Monday.
They were addressed to her son, who has autism and lives in a private care facility, she said. But instead of her son's name inside when you opened them, the letters said Dear Maine's Department of Health and Human Services -- in Cincinnati, she told local media.
In a statement, United Healthcare told CNN it's working to resolve the issue but it cannot provide details due to privacy requirements.
Antonio Brown has indicated he's not retiring from the NFL, only a few days after announcing he was done with the league in a Twitter rant.
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now." He followed with the suggestion that the game needs him.
Brown, who lost Nike as a sponsor last week, says he'll practice at high schools one day a week, starting in Miami.
The 31-year-old Brown also engaged in a Twitter spat with Los Angeles Rams safety Eric Weddle, who faced him often with the Baltimore Ravens.
HSBC flips crime-spotting tool to scope new business
HSBC was forced to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in financial crime compliance as part of a $1.9 billion settlement in 2012 with U.S. authorities over the bank's failure to prevent money laundering by drug cartels though its Mexican unit.
Iran was promised that 'all' US sanctions would be lifted in return for talks, Rouhani claims
Dog control laws in Scotland are being reviewed amid concerns about out-of-control animals and irresponsible owners.
"Owning a dog brings with it certain responsibilities, including keeping your dog under effective control, and I encourage everyone with an interest in this area to respond to our consultation."
NHS Lanarkshire treated 912 people and NHS Ayrshire 439, both four-year highs.
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.
The announcement comes just two weeks after devastating attacks on Saudi Arabia's oil infrastructure -- blamed by Washington on Iran -- which roiled global energy markets and raised fears of a wider regional conflict.
"Visitors will be surprised... by the treasures we have to share -- five UNESCO World Heritage Sites, a vibrant local culture and breathtaking natural beauty."
Saudi Arabia will open applications for online tourist visas to citizens of 49 countries on Saturday, Bloomberg News quoted Khateeb as saying.
Khateeb said the kingdom will also ease its strict dress code for foreign women, allowing them to go without the body-shrouding abaya robe that is still mandatory public wear for Saudi women.
Foreign women, however, will be required to wear "modest clothing," he added, without elaborating.
In a rare move, Saudi Arabia last year began issuing temporary visas to visitors to attend sporting and cultural events in a bid to kickstart tourism.
Fears of a regional conflict after the September 14 attacks on state oil giant Aramco may also dampen the kingdom's appeal to holidaymakers.
The government, reeling from low oil prices, says it hopes tourism will contribute up to 10 percent of the gross domestic product by 2030, compared to three percent currently.
The sector is expected to create up to one million tourism jobs, the government says, as it battles high youth unemployment.
The country is also developing historic sites such as the centuries-old Mada'in Saleh, home to sandstone tombs of the same civilisation which built the Jordanian city of Petra.
Facebook hides 'likes' in new Australia trial
Facebook has begun hiding the number of "likes" for posts in Australia, it said today, a trial designed to ease social pressure that could be rolled out worldwide.
"We don't want Facebook to feel like a competition," the company said in a statement.
Facebook's decision comes after it launched a trial in July to hide "likes" on the company's other major social media platform, Instagram.
Lorenzo strengthens into Category 4 hurricane east of Caribbean
The eye of the major hurricane was about 1,660 miles southwest of the Azores in the NHC's 11 p.m. EDT update. The storm was moving north-northwest at 14 mph with 145 mph maximum sustained winds.
The storm isn't forecast to make landfall in the coming days, though a turn toward the northeast Saturday could bring Lorenzo near the Azores in the middle of next week. Forecasters predict the storm will weaken below Category 3 on Monday.
According to Colorado State University Meteorologist Philip Klotzbach, the Western Hemisphere, which encompasses the Atlantic and eastern Pacific basins, has generated 16 named storms since Aug. 21.
"This is the most on record for the Western Hemisphere between Aug. 21-Sept. 23, breaking the old record of 15 named storms set in 1984 and 2002," he wrote on Twitter.
U.S. Soldiers talk after a routine inspection of a Patriot missile battery at a Turkish military base in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Defense Secretary Mark Esper has "approved putting additional forces on prepare to deploy orders," Pentagon spokesman Jonathan Hoffman wrote in a statement. "While no decision has been made to deploy these additional forces, they will maintain a heightened state of readiness."
The 28-year-old woman was skydiving with a group of seven people around 2 p.m. Thursday, California Highway Patrol PIO Ruben Jones told CNN.
The group took off from the Lodi Parachute Center. CNN has reached out to the facility for comment.
The station spoke to Lisa Reyes, who was driving with her father and brother on Highway 99 when the woman crashed.
"The way the person was struggling, just struggling against the wind and their body was just moving really, really fast," she told the station.
The 12-year-old victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife.
An example of a camouflage Ghillie suit the man used.
The man told the girl: "Shhh, don't scream. Don't scream or I'll have to hurt you."
Federal authorities declined to pursue civil rights charges Thursday against Sacramento police officers who fatally shot an unarmed black man, a killing that sparked protests and spurred changes to a state law governing when authorities can use deadly force.
The U.S. Attorney's Office and the FBI said a federal review of the 2018 shooting of 22-year-old Stephon Clark found "insufficient evidence" to pursue charges against Officers Terrance Mercadal and Jared Robinet. Both will be returned to active duty.
Clark's brother, Stevante Clark, posted on Facebook Thursday that he was in a meeting with federal and local authorities. "These people have failed when it comes to (accountability)," he wrote.
The officers shot Clark seven times as he approached them.
Francis addressed a Vatican conference that brought government envoys and Facebook and Google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists. A smattering of academics and Catholic bishops rounded out participants at "The Common Good in the Digital Age" conference.
The debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the Christchurch, New Zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage.
Organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants" expertise identify possible future advisers for the Catholic Church on high tech issues.
Neither chamber of Congress appears to have the two-thirds majority needed to override the president's opposition.
Google Marks Its 21st Birthday With a Doodle: All You Need to Know
Google is marking its own birthday today with a doodle. The doodle features a photo of a 90s' style computer with Google search page and date stamp for September 27, 1998, surrounded by confetti in Google colours. A smaller doodle with number 21 as candles, as a part of Google logo, shows on the search results page. The search giant was founded 21 years ago in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, then students at Stanford University in California. September 27 is, however, not Google's actual birthday.
"We chose our systems name, Google, because it is a common spelling of googol, or 10100 and fits well with our goal of building very large-scale search engines," Sergey Brin and Lawrence (Larry) Page wrote in 1998 in a paper published about launching a prototype of a "large-scale search engine."
The company got its start thanks to Sun co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim who invested $100,000; in June 1999, the company had raised a $25 million round from Sequoia Capital and Kleiner Perkins. Google moved to its Mountain View location in the same year, where it remains. In 2001, the company was granted a patent for its technology.
"The relentless search for better answers continues to be at the core of everything we do," Google writes on its Our Story page. "Today, with more than 60,000 employees in 50 different countries, Google makes hundreds of products used by billions of people across the globe, from YouTube and Android to Smartbox and, of course, Google Search. Although we've ditched the Lego servers and added just a few more company dogs, our passion for building technology for everyone has stayed with us - from the dorm room, to the garage, and to this very day.
Trump later said he responded "of course, NO!" to Iran who he said wanted him to lift the sanctions in order to meet.
The State Department called the report "baseless," adding the U.S. is committed to zero oil exports from the Iranian regime, Bloomberg News said.
"There's been a big bearish risk from a thaw in the US Iran situation for some time and this will put a remarkable amount of oil back onto the market immediately if it were to occur," said John Kilduff of Again Capital.
Royal news: How Princess Beatrice "reacted with fury at hostile family members"
On Thursday, The Duke and Duchess of York announced that their eldest daughter, Princess Beatrice, is engaged to her boyfriend, the 34-year old property tycoon Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The Princess, who is ninth-in-line to the throne, will tie the knot with Mr Mapelli Mozzi next year. The couple said in a statement: "We are both so excited to be embarking on this life adventure together.
However, his behaviour was reportedly "appalling" towards the Duchess of York, and Princess Beatrice once claimed her mother was the victim of "mean spirited actions to make her feel unwelcome."
JUST IN: Kate and William behind closed doors: Couple's shock habit exposed
The report noted that the Duchess" spokesman was unable to comment on the claims, but a friend of Fergie was quoted as saying: "It is no secret that Sarah's daughters are pretty fed up by the way their mother has been treated by some members of the Royal Family.
"Some of the bills she has been sent have been pretty miserly.
Philip and Sarah were pictured for the first time together in 26 years at Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank last October.
The Next Big Labor Strike Hits Oregon
As Alejandro Segurra, another IT worker at Portland State University, said, "I'm willing to go on strike because I don't think it's fair that people are paid wages that don't allow them to live in the city that they serve." Portland State library worker Theresa Stapleburg was even more direct: "I want to strike because I've been here 24 years, and I need a raise - a living wage."
In the healthcare sector, the 4,500 members of the Service Employees International Union Local 49 workers at Kaiser Permanente authorized a strike (with a 98 percent approval rate) if a deal isn't reached before their existing contract expires in October - which was only narrowly avoided with a new tentative agreement. Elsewhere in the industry, the Oregon Nurses Association, which represents more than 120 nurses at Astoria Hospital, has been deadlocked in contract negotiations with the hospital administration; their last contract expired in May, and the clock is ticking.
To counter the division, the "Civility in Politics" awards were announced on Friday, with the politician of the year to be awarded £3,000 to give to charity.
"These awards are a small attempt by a group of people in public life - of different and no political persuasions - to shine a spotlight on politicians who argue their case with decency and civility, and are able to engage and work with people across the divides that affect us all."
In an exclusive interview with the Standard, former Cabinet minister Amber Rudd today accused Mr Johnson of deploying aggressive language that "does incite violence."
Mr Johnson, for his part, said he "deplores" threats made against MPs.
Jess Phillips 'frightened' after receiving 'be afraid' death threats
On Thursday, Labour MP Jess Phillips - another one of those to have criticised Mr Johnson - said a man was arrested after trying to "kick the door" of her constituency office while reportedly shouting that she was a "fascist."
Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson, meanwhile, was speaking to police following threats made to one of her young children.
And in a viral Twitter thread, Ellie Cooper, the daughter of senior Labour MP Yvette Cooper, described her fears for her mother in the wake of Ms Cox's murder . She accused Mr Johnson of "using language that helps incite violence toward MPs."
Setting the example? Income inequality in the US is at an all-time high
Add Lancaster of Pikeville told North Carolina Education Lottery officials he used five sets of his own numbers to buy a Cash 5 ticket with five plays for Monday night's drawing when he stopped at Wissam & Brothers Inc. in Pikeville.
"My wife writes down the numbers for me during the drawing," Lancaster said. "When she handed me the paper, so I could check my ticket, I couldn't believe it. One of my lines matched five numbers and the other ones matched four numbers. I started shouting, 'I got it! I got it! I hit the lottery!'"
Khloe Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson leaves ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram pic after rumours he wants her back
KHLOE Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson has left ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram page following rumours that he wants her back.
Tristan was spotted leaving another gushing compliment on Khloe's Instagram page
In the blurred snap, Khloe is stood in front of the rising sun, with the mum-of-one captioning the pic: "May you have the courage to explore every dream you dream."
Fans were outraged by the remark, with one replying: "Yeah, a diamond that you DROPPED."
A third wrote: "Don't fall for it Khloe."
He was then accused of cheating again earlier this year - with Kardashian family friend Jordyn Woods
He settled on the grovelling gift, thought to be a 911, after being urged to pull a "power move" by his rapper pal.
A source said: "Tristan is good pals with Drake and has been using him as a sounding board as he plots his return to the Kardashian fold.
Khloe was left heartbroken by Tristan's infidelity
"Drake told him to pull out all the stops if he wanted to win Khloe back.
The pair are mum and dad to 17-month-old True
Khloe Kardashian breaks down in tears and screams at cheating boyfriend Tristan Thompson in new Keeping Up With The Kardashians series 16 trailer
However, the star's family reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians later showed that the event ended with Khloe in tears as she struggled to come to terms with his infidelity.
Stem cells of 56 child cancer patients lost at Children's Hospital after freezer malfunction
"I would try to sleep and my body would just start shaking, and then I just started to freak out and I'd start crying," Corona told ABC-7.
Stein said that the recollection of patients" stem cells would only be recommended in the event that they are needed in the event that the patient relapses.
"Obviously, this is a huge deal for us." Stein said. "We're reaching out directly to every single family in person to make sure that all their questions are answered."
Wearing protective body armor and a visor, Diana, Princess of Wales, visits a minefield being cleared by the charity Halo in Huambo, Angola, January 15, 1997.
The discussions are at a very preliminary stage and - even if successful - will not result in a deal until after the Thomas Cook schemes have been through an assessment by the PPF.
Thomas Cook bosses face investigation into what led to collapse
News of the trustees' efforts to secure members' benefits comes four days after Britain's oldest tour operator ceased trading, sparking an international repatriation programme and triggering thousands of job losses.
Collectively, they hold assets worth about £1.5bn.
Ministers have established a taskforce to address the crisis, which has left creditors facing meagre returns from the post-insolvency sale of assets.
What went so wrong for Thomas Cook?
The talks, which concluded without a deal on Sunday evening, represented a frantic last throw of the dice for a company which had been forced to seek more than £1bn in new funding following a £1.5bn half-year loss and deteriorating trading.
Thomas Cook was founded in 1841 by a 32-year-old cabinet-maker and former Baptist preacher who began offering one-day rail excursions from Leicester to Loughborough for a shilling.
A PPF spokesperson said: "Insolvency events, like the liquidation of Thomas Cook, are exactly why the PPF was set up.
Baby Stella was welcomed into the world at Cotswold Wildlife Park, Oxfordshire, earlier this month and is the first female born to parents Monty and Ruby.
Nancy then gave birth to a female named Astrid in 2013, with Stella being the third female calf born at the park in its 49-year history.
When Alan was just one-week old he weighed around eleven stone.
Births in captivity are considered extremely rare. Females only reproduce every two-and-a-half to five years, so the window of opportunity for successful reproduction is limited.
A newborn Rhino calf will stand up within one hour of birth. Once born, the calf will immediately attempt to suckle, although he or she may be a little unsteady on their feet for the first few days.
It will remain under the watchful eye of the mother, suckling from her for approximately one year.
Their bond is an intensely strong one and the calf will remain with its mother for at least two years, benefiting from her protection. Females guard their offspring aggressively and are intimidating adversaries if challenged.
Incel virgin Alex Minassian told Toronto police he was part of 4chan group
Footage has emerged of a man alleged to have killed 10 pedestrians in Toronto telling police that he was part of an online group for sexually frustrated men.
Alek Minassian, 26, said that he was part of the involuntary celibates (incel) forum on 4chan.
He is now facing 10 counts of murder in Canada and 16 counts of attempted murder following the attack on April 23, 2018.
Minassian, who said he never had a girlfriend and was a virgin, acknowledged he used the van as a weapon and said he wanted to inspire more attacks.
He said: "I know of several other guys over the internet who feel the same way," but added that they are "too cowardly to act on their anger."
Over time, "incel" has become a buzzword for certain men infuriated at being rejected by women and prone to float ideas for violent payback, according to sociologists and others who study them.
Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more active sex lives.
Minassian said he discussed his sexual frustrations on the website 4chan, which has become notorious as a place for extremists to post their views.
US theater chain bans dressing up for "Joker" screenings over fears of another shooting
"I want customers to be comfortable in their surroundings," Landmark President-CEO Ted Mundorff told the Hollywood Reporter.
The ban on masks and fake guns was mostly due to practical security reasons, but as the release of "Joker" draws closer, there are concerns that it may trigger a copycat gun attack. The LAPD said it would "maintain high visibility" around theaters on premier day, while Regal Cinemas, the second-largest chain in the country, said it was implementing security protocols developed "in collaboration with NATO."
"Joker," which is directed by Todd Phillips and stars Joaquin Phoenix as the title character, is due to be released on October 4 in the US, and is expected to become a box office hit. It follows the descent of a socially isolated and mentally unwell person, as he becomes the mass-murdering, green-haired, pale-faced nemesis of Batman.
Midway Broadcasting announced today that its Chairwoman, Melody Spann Cooper is set to release her highly anticipated book to help female entrepreneurs and executives thrive in business. "The Girlfriend's Guide To Closing the Deal" shares insights on how women can use their voice to achieve equity at the negotiating table and advance their careers by using the female edition of the old-boy's network.
The book was co-written with T. Shawn Taylor, journalist, writer and founder of Tree Top Consulting, a full-service media consulting firm.
Romania will spend 2.5 billion euros to modernize the Black Sea military base as part of counteracting Russia's growing presence in the region, according to The Times, quoted by the FOCUS News Agency. Mikhail Koglignichanu Airbase, located about 200 km. east of Bucharest, will be aligned with NATO standards, as evidenced by documents published by local news sites. Up to 10,000 NATO F-35 soldiers and aircraft can be accommodated there. It is planned to become a "mini-city" for the military with kindergartens, sports clubs and a hospital.
Mr. Poroshenko's eagerness to win over Mr. Trump and his growing fears that political rivals would thwart his re-election opened the way for Mr. Giuliani to press Ukraine's prosecutor general, Yuri Lutsenko, who has since been fired, to help Mr. Trump's own re-election by investigating Joe Biden and his son.
Ukrainians, jaded after years of watching their own leaders trade the power and privileges of office for personal financial or political gain, have mostly shrugged off what, for Mr. Trump, is possibly the most serious scandal to buffet the White House since Watergate toppled President Richard Nixon in 1974.
Pavlo Klimkin, Ukraine's foreign minister under Mr. Poroshenko, said in a caustic Twitter message this week that going down in history "as the country that led to the impeachment of the U.S. president" was "not a very fun prospect." But, he added, "Now everyone understands what we are capable of."
Brother Jailed For Life For Pakistan Social Media Star Qandeel Baloch's Honour Killing
Qandeel Baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in July 2016.
The brother of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch was on Friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highest-profile "honour killing."
Baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies -- tame by Western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic Pakistan -- was strangled in July 2016.
Her brother Muhammad Waseem was arrested. Days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that "of course" he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been "intolerable."
His lawyer, Sardar Mehmood, told AFP the court in the eastern city of Multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a long-awaited verdict.
"Inshallah (God willing), he will be acquitted by a high court," he said.
Earlier, Baloch's mother Anwar Mai told AFP she had hoped her son would be acquitted.
Women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or -- in Baloch's case -- bringing "shame" on their family by celebrating their sexuality.
Three months after Baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings.
International revulsion at the killing had seen the Pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead.
Some of Baloch's better-known actions included offering to perform a striptease for the Pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on Valentine's Day.
Three Scottish students named among Europe's best
Scott Sheldrick, who graduated in Molecular Genetics, won the Europe award for Life Sciences, Chester Cornford studied MSc Mental Health Nursing and was awarded the Nursing, Midwifery & Allied Healthcare prize, whilst Lola Knibb won the Visual Arts award.
Included in the five praised students were Nicholas Gallagher and James Osbourne (both Life Sciences), Ferenc Kohsuke Ishikawa Gutai (Medicine), Caitlyn Scott (Anatomical Sciences) and Waco Yokoyama (Philosophy).
Using the Subaru, Keck, and Gemini Telescopes, an international team of astronomers has discovered a collection of 12 galaxies which existed about 13.0 billion years ago. This is the earliest protocluster ever found. One of the 12 galaxies is a giant object, known as Himiko, which was discovered a decade ago by the Subaru Telescope and named for a mythological queen in ancient Japan. This discovery suggests that large structures such as protoclusters already existed when the Universe was only about 800 million years old, 6 percent of its present age.
Nancy Pelosi is subject of book by daughter Christine Pelosi
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday. Christine Pelosi's book will examine how a mother of five became the first female house speaker and her current leadership of House Democrats during the Trump administration. According to Skyhorse, Christine Pelosi will weave together "the professional and personal experiences" of her mother.
Christine Pelosi is a Democratic Party strategist and author of "Campaign Boot Camp" and "Campaign Boot Camp 2.0." Pelosi's sister, Alexandra Pelosi, is a filmmaker and journalist who has made several documentaries about contemporary politics.
When Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.) purchased drinks from two girls running a lemonade stand in August, she may not have been aware that her $10 purchase would be donated to a pro-life charity.
On August 8, Warren stopped by a lemonade stand staffed by two 11-year-old children, Sienna Michels and Audrey Billings, during a campaign bus tour across Iowa.
"Stopped for a quick drink at a lemonade stand in Harlan, Iowa. When life gives you lemons, make big structural change!" Warren said on Twitter.
"My daughter told us she wanted us to vote for her," Michels said. "We talked about the abortion part of things and said maybe we should donate money to stop abortion, and my daughter was all for that."
Why this matters
Two researchers who study the structures of viruses, Antoni Luque, a theoretical biophysicist at San Diego State University and a member of its Viral Information Institute, and Reidun Twarock, a mathematical biologist from the University of York, UK, and a member of York's Cross-disciplinary Centre for Systems Analysis, show that many viruses have essentially been misclassified for 60 years, including common viruses such as Herpes simplex and Zika.
They used a generalization of the quasiequivalence principle to see how proteins can wrap around an icosahedral capsid.
It will also provide a guide to engineer new molecular containers for nanotech and biotech applications, and it will help scientists to identify specific strategies to target the assembly of proteins in the capsid. This can eventually lead to a more systematic approach to developing antiviral vaccines.
"We can use this discovery to target both the assembly and stability of the capsid, to either prevent the formation of the virus when it infects the host cell, or break it apart after it's formed," Luque said. "This could facilitate the characterization and identification of antiviral targets for viruses sharing the same icosahedral layout."
Architectural applications
Since the 1960s, these viral capsids have been classified using the geometrical framework introduced by structural biologist Donald Caspar and biophysicist Aaron Klug, which were inspired by the geodesic domes designed by the renowned architect R. Buckminster Fuller. However, as molecular imaging techniques have advanced, an increasing number of 3D viral capsid reconstructions that included viruses like Herpes or Zika have fallen out from this classical geometrical framework.
Priest who sexually abused boys in Wisconsin gets 30 years
A former priest accused of sexually assaulting young boys in Wisconsin decades ago has been sentenced to 30 years in prison.
The Wausau Daily Herald reports that 72-year-old Thomas Ericksen received the maximum sentence Thursday on two charges of sexually assaulting young boys while stationed at St. Peter's Catholic Church in Winter in the late 70s and early 80s. He must register as a sex offender for life.
Ericksen was removed from the priesthood in 1988.
Made from the inner bark of the Cinnamomum tree, cinnamon is a widely popular spice, earning itself a place in a large variety of food and even becoming a flavor itself.
May cause liver damage - Per studies, too much coumarin can also be responsible for liver toxicity and damage. This is according to several studies made on the effects of too much coumarin in our bodies.
May cause mouth sores - Not only does too much cinnamon help contribute to deadly conditions but they may also cause mouth sores. This is supposedly because cinnamon contains cinnamaldehyde, which is a compound that when ingested in large amounts, can cause an allergic reaction in our bodies. However, one can only get mouth sores from cinnamaldehyde when they're allergic from it.
May cause breathing problems - This is more of a general precaution since cinnamon's fine texture makes it very easy to inhale that may cause coughing and gagging as well as the cinnamaldehyde in it acting as a throat irritant.
Under cross-examination Biggs said the study did not follow the mental health outcomes of women in states with waiting periods who changed their minds about having an abortion, although there were only three women like that identified in the study. She rebutted testimony from earlier in the week by Priscilla Coleman, a psychology professor at Bowling Green State University in Ohio, who said that abortion is associated with mental health problems.
French chemical fire extinguished as questions mount
The head of the regional administration said Friday the fire was extinguished Thursday night after nearly 24 hours. Firefighters are still on the scene.
Interior Minister Christophe Castaner said people in fragile health should remain indoors through Friday night.
LNG investments hit record in 2019 & the biggest growth is coming from China
"This year, 2019 already broke the highest amount of (final investment decisions) for the first time ever, $50 billion," Birol told the LNG Producer-Consumer conference in Tokyo, as quoted by Reuters.
In Canada, there is just one LNG project under development right now - LNG Canada - but it could have a final capacity of 28 million tons of the fuel annually. The US$31-billion project is led by Shell, with minority participants including Petronas, PetroChina, Mitsubishi, and Kogas.
Viola Davis Drops Some Truth Bombs About Playing Michelle Obama On 'Jimmy Kimmel'
Davis said she's waiting for her publicist "to call and say, "Hold the line, it's Michelle Obama ― to cuss your ass out.""
Kieran Clifton, 19, battered a 17-year-old he blamed for the end of his relationship with a former girlfriend.
Oxford Crown Court heard Clifton had been drinking mixers at the Fat Fox pub in Watlington, Oxfordshire, shortly before the assault in March last year.
Clifton, from Chalgrove, was handed a 12-month sentence, suspended for 12 months, ordered to complete a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement along with 160 hours" unpaid work and pay £750 compensation.
Leader of Colombia's Los Pelusos crime gang killed, president says
Another leader of Los Pelusos was captured in the operation, the statement added. It did not provide details about the circumstances of Quintero's death.
A participant holds a drawing depicting Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg during a protest march to call for action against climate change, in The Hague, Netherlands September 27, 2019. REUTERS/Piroschka van de Wouw
Thunberg, 16, gave an impassioned address at the United Nations in New York this week, after millions of people worldwide joined a climate strike protest last Friday in the run-up to a U.N. climate summit.
Military Sees Frustrating Trend As Suicides Spike
The difficulties involved in identifying service members with possible problems and finding ways to prevent suicides were underscored earlier this month when the Navy reported that three crew members who served on the USS George H.W. Bush took their own lives within a week.
"Our numbers are not moving in the right direction," said Elizabeth Van Winkle, director of the Pentagon's office of force resiliency. She said that most of the military rates are comparable to civilians, but added, "that's hardly comforting."
Military and defense leaders expressed dismay and a resolve to do more to increase resilience in the force, train service members how to handle stress better and encourage troops to seek help when they need it. Van Winkle said the military is also looking at increasing efforts to train troops on the safe storage of firearms and medication. She said there are no consistent rules or regulations across the department and the services requiring gun locks or other controls on firearms, but that some states or bases have their own restrictions.
The vast majority - nearly 70 percent - were female spouses under the age of 40, while 70 percent of the dependent suicides were males. About half of the dependents who died by suicide were at least 18 years old and, for those younger than that, most of the deaths were youth between 15 and 17.
Seth Meyers Loses It Laughing During Donald Trump 'Tango & Cash' Impression
"Late Night" host Seth Meyers on Thursday brought a moment of levity to an otherwise strained week marred by mass shootings when he cracked a gag about President Donald Trump and then couldn't stop laughing.
The campaign also incurred a one-time late fee over its failure to pay on time.
He then began mimicking Trump with a riff on hit 1989 movie "Tango & Cash," but soon descended into a fit of the giggles.
News outlets report 39-year-old Jerrontae Cain was sentenced Thursday on charges including being a felon in possession of a gun in the 2017 attack on 42-year-old Nicole Gordon.
This Model's Runway Stomp Has Eclipsed All Else At Paris Fashion Week
As Lady Gaga once sang in her 2008 hit "Bad Romance": "Walk, walk, fashion, baby."
Model Leon Dame, 20, strutted down the catwalk like no one has strutted before, powerfully putting one foot in front of the other and stomping down the runway, while keeping an intense, steely glare intact.
Many praised the young German model, who has appeared in campaigns for Jil Sander, Fay and Solid Homme, for his distinctive swagger.
Perhaps the highest praise came from Tim Blanks, editor-at-large of the fashion site The Business of Fashion.
Geomagnetic disturbances are expected from September 27 to September 29, according to the US National Atmospheric and Oceanic Research Agency's Space Weather Forecast Center. Moderate geomagnetic storm (G2) is possible due to high-speed solar wind
The as yet untitled film will be released on July 16, 2021, and be produced by the Disney-owned Marvel Studios and its president, Kevin Feige, according to a press release sent by both studios.
Amy Pascal will also produce through Pascal Pictures, as she has on the first two Holland-led films, the release said.
The agreement also allows Spidey to appear in a future Marvel Studios film.
Feige acknowledged the collaboration makes the webslinger unique among superheroes.
The end to the Spidey standoff came more than a month after it was reported the two studios were unable to reach terms on a deal for a sequel to their previous films, "Homecoming" and "Far From Home."
The sticking point was that Disney ― which owns the character ― reportedly wanted a co-financing stake in future films with Sony, which has the film rights thanks to deals set up before the Mouse bought Marvel in 2009.
One person who was happy the impasse has ended was Holland himself, who expressed his joy on Instagram.
EU, British negotiators work toward Brexit deal in Belgium
Michel Barnier met with Brexit secretary Stephen Barclay in Brussels, who was adamant the Irish "backstop" be stripped from any deal. The backstop, effectively an assurance of a soft border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Britain leaves, has been perhaps the chief obstacle in negotiations.
While Barclay said Britain is committed to finding a deal, he said there isn't much time left.
"Until there is a serious proposal, which can be the basis of negotiations, then the gaps which are wide at the moment will remain," he said.
He added that "time is running out" and "the onus is on the British prime minister and his team" to put serious proposals on the table.
Johnson's office said Friday there are still "significant obstacles" to a deal.
EU President Jean-Claude Juncker said he and Barnier are doing everything they can for a deal and if they fail, it's Britain's fault.
An artistic impression of the gas giant planet GJ 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on September 26, 2019.
"Yes, an absolute surprise," said astrophysicist Juan Carlos Morales of the Institute of Space Studies of Catalonia at the Institute of Space Sciences in Spain, who led the research published in the journal Science.
Children around the world launched another wave of school strikes demanding action on climate change Friday, in their first major action since the issue topped world leader's agenda at the United Nations this week.
The Fridays for Future movement that began as a lone demonstration by Swedish teen Greta Thunbergjust over a year ago has mushroomed, with millions of students taking to the streets of cities like New Yorkand attracting attention in developing nations across Africa.
Friday's protest followed a week of climate talks at the United Nations in New York, which included a scathing speech by Thunbergto world leaders reprimanding them for inaction.
In Nigeria's capital Abuja, Oladosu Adenike marked her 46th consecutive strike on Friday. The activist posted images on Twitter of students dressed in blue school uniforms carrying banners with messages, "Climate change is real" and "We don't have time."
In Lausanne, Switzerland, where hundreds of climate strike organizers gatheredin August planning for this week's events, thousands of people marched through the city, according to local reports.
Thousands more were expected to take to the streets of Helsinki, Finland, where local media reportedthat the city's school would allow students to participate.
Thunberg, who remains in North America following her visit to the U.N., was scheduled to participate in climate strikes in Montreal, Canada.
Serena Williams Fined $10,000 For Allegedly Damaging Wimbledon Court
Serena Williams, tennis legend and seven-time Wimbledon champion, is being fined $10,000 for allegedly damaging the London practice courts with her racquet.
The All England Club, which hosts the Wimbledon tournament, handed the fine to Williams after she reportedly caused damage during a practice round on the outside courts on June 30, according to The Associated Press and CNN.
The 37-year-old tennis star appeared to shrug off the fine while speaking to reporters after winning the quarterfinal round against Alison Riske on Tuesday.
"I haven't really thought about it, to be honest," she said when asked about the fine. "I just threw my racquet. I got fined."
Williams was also fined a total of $17,000 last year after she defended herself against an umpire at the U.S. Open who accused her of illegally communicating with her coach during a match.
Williams wasn't the only one who received a fine at this year's Wimbledon, though hers was the most costly.
Italian player Fabio Fognini was fined $3,000 for saying a "bomb should explode" at the tennis courts after he lost the third round to U.S. player Tennys Sandgren on Saturday.
Nick Kyrgios of Australia was hit with two fines ― one for $3,000 and a second for $5,000 ― for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Rock legends The Who are on a major US tour. In Houston, Texas, Roger Daltrey was forced to call off the concert less than halfway through. The 75-year-old told the disappointed audience: "I think I should quit while I'm ahead." The band had performed eight songs already but promised to try and return for another show one day in the future. Watch the video of how it all unfolded on stage.
After playing classic 1982 track Eminence Front, Daltrey called it quits. he has struggled with vocal issues and apparently is under strict instructions from his surgeon.
Pete Townshend explained what was going on to the audience: "It sounds like he cannot do any more, I'm afraid..."
"Apparently, before the show, he saw a doctor, and you know, he's been singing so f***ing great through this tour. I don't know what the f*** is going on. He has been on top of his game.
The crowd was completely supportive, cheering the 74-year-old as he explained what had happened and how the band hoped to return to honour their commitment to the show.
Michael Schumacher's Manager with a Statement about his Condition
An official statement was released regarding Michael Schumacher's health. The legend has been recovering for almost 6 years from injuries sustained after a skiing accident in the Alps in 2013, Gong.bg reported.
Weeks ago, worldwide media reported that the former pilot had been admitted for treatment at a hospital in Paris. Sabine Kehm, Schumi's long-time manager and longtime family friend of the Schumacher family, made the statement.
Authorities Investigating Deadly Crash In Angeles National Forest, Body Found
Police were investigating a deadly crash in the Angeles National Forest Thursday afternoon.
According to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the Angeles Forest Highway and Big Tujunga Canyon Road.
It was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found.
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.
Woodstock Exchange, the UK-SA Tech Hub, focuses on skills development and access to markets by assisting entrepreneurs, particularly women, to acquire skills, resources and support.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
During a conversation with the female tech founders Meghan, who has campaigned vigorously for the empowerment of young women and girls, said she hopes to do the same for young men.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
Matsi Modise, founder of skills training company Simodisa, said Meghan is determined to continue to champion the issues close to her heart despite being a member of the Fold.
'That you have to be true to who you are.'
'She wasn't referring to being a royal, but life in general when you have challenges,' Modise added, admitting she felt a bit 'awestruck' by Meghan.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
'A lot of us have done amazing things as founders, but meeting a royal is quite daunting. She made it easy. She is an easy-going royal.'
Meghan also revealed she's enjoying the pressures of being a working mother, admitting she finds juggling being a royal and looking after baby Archie 'a lot' but 'all so exciting'.
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now. Being a working mum and travelling as well with a baby, my goodness it's a lot, but it's all so exciting.
'There are days when it's a lot to juggle but then you meet someone and you have an impact on them and you say "ah-ha," and it's so rewarding.'
Adam Manson, 34, and Kiana Williams, 32, each pleaded no contest to one felony count of child abuse resulting in death and admitted to a special allegation that they caused the death of their son, Jacsun Manson, the Los Angeles County district attorney announced.
The two had been doing drugs in a South L.A. motel on New Year's Eve when they found the baby dead, prosecutors said. They placed his body in a suitcase and tossed it in a trash bin near the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza, prosecutors said.
UK's medical drug supply still uncertain in no-deal Brexit
Britain's government watchdog says there is still a "significant amount" of work to do to ensure the country has an adequate supply of medical drugs in case of a no-deal Brexit.
In a report issued Friday, Britain's National Audit Office said additional shipping capacity chartered by the U.K. for sending goods across the English Channel might not be operational until the end of November - one month after the Oct. 31 deadline for Britain to leave the European Union. Of the more than 12,300 medicines licensed in the U.K., about 7,000 arrive from or via the EU, mostly across the Channel.
According to the British government's "reasonable worst-case" scenario, the flow of goods could be cut by half on Day One of a no-deal Brexit and could take a year to recover. It said time was "extremely limited" if the shipping issues were to be resolved by the end of October.
The report also said there was "incomplete information" about the levels of medicine stockpiling but that levels were increasingly daily. As of Sept. 20, suppliers reported that 72% of medicines had a six-week stockpile.
Dr. Richard Torbett of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry said that while companies have been working to prepare for Brexit, "some things are outside of their control."
"Securing a (Brexit) deal remains the best way to protect patients," he said.
Cleveland police branded 'failing' in all areas by inspectors
Scandal-hit Cleveland police has become the first force to be branded "failing" in all areas by inspectors.
A string of scandals has plagued the force, covering Hartlepool, Redcar and Cleveland, Stockton and Middlesbrough in the north east of England.
It has seen six chief constables in almost as many years.
Work practices were recently described by the chief inspector of constabulary as being about as "inefficient as you can possibly imagine," with officers having to share laptops and bodyworn cameras.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Phil Gormley said it was a "failing force" where there had been "significant" deterioration in the last two years.
Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen said the report described the "worst findings ever into any police force in the country" which was "finally the official validation" that the force is "broken" and said the Home Office needed to intervene now.
He added: "It's no longer in dispute. It is a fact described in black and white in this report.
"The findings are some of the most distressing and shocking I have ever read."
Cleveland is one of 15 forces that has been recently inspected by HMICFRS inspectors, and the only one rated inadequate in all areas.
He added: "It doesn't consistently treat its workforce with fairness and respect and it doesn't effectively communicate with or engage its workforce; its processes aren't perceived to be fair and it doesn't understand its workforce well enough to support them."
The force's police and crime commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "I am deeply concerned at the worrying contents of this report.
"The force's recent performance is simply not good enough."
He said he had received assurances from the current chief constable Richard Lewis that "swift action" was taken as soon as he became aware of the failings.
Coppinger has been ordered by the Home Office to respond to the report within 56 days.
A black middle school student from Virginia is accusing three white boys of pinning her down and cutting off her dreadlocks. The incident took place at Immanuel Christian School - where Vice President Mike Pence's wife, Karen Pence, is a teacher.
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up. "They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.' They called me 'an attention-seeker.'"
Amari didn't tell her family about the incident until after her grandmother noticed the length of her hair had changed.
"They ran off laughing, and I was just sitting there," Amari said.
Iran releases British oil tanker Stena Impero
Iranian Ports and Maritime Administration confirmed that the vessel, Stena Impero, left Bandar Abbas port at 9 a.m., the state-run IRNA reported.
Erik Hanell, president and CEO of Stena Bulk, the operator of the ship, also confirmed the ship's release.
"Stena Bulk and Northern Marine Management confirm the Stena Impero and its crew have been released," he said via Twitter.
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Jacques Chirac, who supported India after it conducted nuclear tests in 1998, died on Thursday at age 86. He served as the president of France from 1995 to 2007.
India and France have a strategic partnership, initiated in January 1998 during Jacques Chirac's first visit to India. He again visited the country as president in 2006.
Jacques Chirac was known to have been suffering from ill health for a long time.
Easy use
"Here you walk outside and it's like somebody put a heater on you. I guess that is why they are doing it at night."
It said its medical delegate had assured athletes that weather conditions would be monitored all day and reported to the teams "to ensure the event is run at an acceptable level of health risk."
Track athletes competing inside the stadium said it was unlikely that the heat would significantly affect their performances, but conceded that practices have been especially draining.
"At practice I'm glowing because I'm sweating because it's so humid," said Rai Benjamin, who competes in the 400m hurdles.
"It's like I got out of the shower. But I don't think it will be that bad because of the cooling system."
Shot putter Ryan Crouser, the 2016 Olympic champion, said he has had to heat up his shots to around 38 degrees Celsius to prevent them from becoming wet during practices in the sizzling heat and high humidity.
"The shot is far below the dew point, the instant you take it out, it's just soaking wet and it's dripping water," the American said. "It's worse than if it was pouring down rain... We've been fighting this a little bit."
European pole vault champion Armand Duplantis, who trains in the heat of the southern U.S. state of Louisiana, said the humidity can prove helpful in practice because the addition of moisture to the chalk on his hands "makes for a really nice grip."
But other pole vaulters who spray a sticky grip enhancer on their hands might have more difficulty holding onto their poles in the humidity, he said.
HMP Wandsworth called in police amid fears that duplicates had been sold to some of its 1,400 inmates.
The suspected security breach will result in 3,000 locks replaced, potentially to cell, internal and outer doors.
Wandsworth Prison is a Category B jail in South West London which can house up to 1,628 prisoners, making it one of the largest prisons in Western Europe. The jail, built in 1851, holds convicted male criminals and those on remand awaiting trial.
The duchess and Prince Harry, now on a 10-day royal tour of South Africa with their baby son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met Obama Foundation leaders.
"Thank you to my friend, Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex @sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it," the former first lady wrote in her glowing post.
Obama, who knows first-hand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with Good Housekeeping.
She continued:
Footage from Joseph Puglia's dashcam shows him jumping out of his police car within seconds of seeing the dog get hit by another vehicle.
The officer, who works in Pinellas Park, Florida, wrapped the wounded pup in an emergency blanket, placed him in his SUV rushed to the nearest animal hospital.
"My heart really sank until I started seeing him breathing," Mr Puglia told ABC news.
Thankfully, the dog survived with just minor cuts and bruises.
After WeWork debacle, IPO market slams brakes on unprofitable companies
Peloton reported rapid top-line growth of 110% during the fiscal year that ended June 30. But the company also showed negative operating leverage, with operating expenses surging 147% over the prior year.
In the United States, much of the attention in the third quarter has focused on a deal that failed to come to fruition - the planned IPO of WeWork parent We Company.
Having aimed to launch its IPO earlier in September, the company postponed plans to list until later in 2019, before replacing its chief executive officer and saying it was reviewing its timetable to go public.
Endeavor Group Holdings (EDR.N), an entertainment and talent agency company backed by Hollywood power broker Ari Emanuel with a track record of losses, made a last-minute decision to abandon its IPO due to the tough market conditions. Taking a lesson from the struggles earlier in 2019 of ride-hailing companies Uber Technologies (UBER.N) and Lyft Inc (LYFT.O), which have no stated timetable for becoming profitable, investors have started to push back on companies with a history of steep losses. "It will be a dialogue among bankers and boards and senior management teams where they say, "these were isolated and not comparable," or say "we have a sentiment shift and we need to be more conservative and use a different strategy,"" said David Ethridge, U.S. IPO services leader at audit firm PwC. The market was more receptive to lesser-known names such as cyber security company Ping Identity PING.N and cloud monitoring company Datadog Inc DDOG.O. Both companies have reported more modest losses and rely on selling to companies rather than to consumers.
Jonathan Van Ness Just Hung Out With Nancy Pelosi And They've Got A Plan
"Queer Eye" star Jonathan Van Ness strutted his stuff on Capitol Hill on Thursday, joining forces with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to discuss the Equality Act.
Van Ness, who recently publicly came out as HIV positive, first shared a video of himself cat-walking in the Capitol, explaining in his caption that he'd met with the House speaker to talk Equality Act, living with HIV and access to PrEP (an HIV preventative medication):
He then shared a longer post picturing the two of them arm in arm, urging his followers to stand up to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and apply pressure to GOP senators to bring the Equality Act up for a Senate vote:
David Attenborough working on new documentary about animals and colour
David Attenborough is 93-years-old but the iconic nature guru is not slowing down just yet.
This time, the father-of-two will look at how animals use colour in their lives through high-tech cameras that were built especially for the programme.
The BBC have revealed that the star aims to show "a world of colour normally invisible to human eyes" - and it sounds truly fascinating.
But we're sure it'll be worth the wait.
TV Choice said of the winner: "Still working, learning and making programmes Sir David Attenborough isn't just a British hero, he's a global icon."
This week, David was celebrated once again as a polar research ship was named after him.
The star joined both Prince William and Kate for the naming ceremony in Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead, Merseyside.
He said: "It's no news to any of you that the world is facing great, great problems and the most aware of that are the young people of today, who will inherit this world.
Life In Colour is expected to air on BBC Two in 2021, while it's said Netflix will retain global rights.
Don't use my wife's name to score points, says husband of murdered MP Jo Cox
The Labour leader's film featured clips of Mrs Cox and a vigil held after her death, with the caption: "Boris Johnson does not care about violence on our streets."
He also shared a post which said Jo Cox's name was "more than a political scoring point" with the caption "This. Thank you." Mr Corbyn was facing a backlash for his video which opens with him talking about Mrs Cox's murder three years ago by a far-Right activist in her West Yorkshire constituency.
Meanwhile Tory MP and business minister Nadhim Zahawi said: "You are so wrong to use Jo Cox in this way, when her family have specifically asked for her not to be used in this way. To be kept out of politics.
"If you have an ounce of decency Jeremy Corbyn you would take this video down." It follows a row over language in Parliament this week in which Mr Johnson said that the "best way" to honour Mrs Cox was to "get Brexit done." Her sister Kim Leadbeater called for a dialling down of extreme language saying it was "not helpful to Jo's kids."
The daughter of Labour MP Yvette Cooper spoke out yesterday to say she constantly fears for her mother's life because of the way people speak about politicians.
House rebukes Trump on border wall, but he plans veto
The 236-174 vote sent the legislation to Trump, who is sure to veto it just as he killed a similar measure in March.
Friday's vote was different because it followed the recent release by the administration of a list of 127 military construction projects totaling $3.6 billion that will be canceled to pay for the border wall, including numerous projects in GOP districts and states.
Petrobras, as the state oil company is known, said in a statement that even though it was not involved in the spill it was contributing to the clean-up efforts, with some 100 Petrobras employees helping clean the beaches.
Skoda to provide drivers with voice activated digital assistant
The moves by firms such as Skoda and BMW point to a potential shift in the way people interact with their cars. Hannah Keshishian, an automotive analyst at market intelligence firm Mintel, told CNBC via email that one of its recent reports had highlighted how nearly 40% of U.S. consumers who owned a vehicle "would like to use a digital personal assistant in their vehicle." This, she added, "opens the door to greater possibilities for digital assistant vehicle connectivity."
Ghana: World Rabies Day Observed
The programme which was held under the theme "Rabies: Vaccinate to eliminate" was organised by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture Veterinary Service.
Mr Haile-Gabriel pledged the readiness of the FAO to collaborate with other stakeholders in preventing and controlling rabies in the country.
Dr Owen Kaluwa, the World Health Organisation (WHO) Representative to Ghana observed that rabies was an endemic which had to be controlled to save lives.
"It is imperative that the animal sector is adequately resourced to prevent transmission of rabies in dogs as a protective measure against the disease," he added.
The 12-year-old who "silenced the world"
In the year since she organized school walkouts in her native Sweden to protest climate change, Greta Thunberg's environmental crusade has been unavoidable, culminating on Monday in an angry and passionate speech before the UN's Climate Action Summit, in which she lambasted politicians for stealing her "dreams" and her "childhood" with "empty words" while humanity stares down "a mass extinction."
Cullis-Suzuki herself went on to found an environmental think tank and work for UN Secretary General Kofi Annan's Special Advisory Panel in the early 2000s.
SNP could support Jeremy Corbyn as temporary PM to stop no-deal Brexit
The SNP has signalled it could support installing Jeremy Corbyn in Downing Street on a temporary basis to thwart a no-deal Brexit.
As tensions between MPs and Downing Street deepened, Nicola Sturgeon suggested it could row in behind the Labour leader as a caretaker prime minister until a general election.
Nicola Sturgeon, the SNP leader, suggested that Mr Corbyn could be brought in to secure the extension as leaving Mr Johnson in charge would be a "terrible idea."
Responding to a tweet suggesting installing the Labour leader or another temporary prime minister, she said: "Agree with this.
Veteran MPs Harriet Harman and Ken Clarke have both been named as potential figures to lead a unity government but a senior SNP source insisted it had to be the Labour leader.
An SNP spokesperson said the party was committed to stopping a no-deal Brexit and removing "this dangerous and undemocratic prime minister as soon as possible."
The spokesperson said: "It is now possible - if the political will is there - that parties could come together to ensure that the letter to secure an extension is not left in the hands of Boris Johnson and his cronies, who are determined to find a way to get around the Benn Act, but is instead sent by a temporary caretaker prime minister, who would be in office only as long as is necessary to send the letter, with an election held immediately afterwards.
"We remain open to all options to achieve the aim of stopping a no-deal Brexit and getting rid of Boris Johnson."
Labour argued that the plan was the "simplest and most democratic way to stop no deal."
Kirstene Hair, Tory MP for Angus, said: "This report confirms what many have long suspected - SNP MPs will happily prop up Jeremy Corbyn in No10.
"Only a Conservative government will stand up for those who voted "No" in what was meant to be a once in a generation event."
Meanwhile two other students, who were also accused of harassment, were issued with final warnings and made to issue apologies.
The Surrey University men's football club said that they "sincerely apologise" for its members actions during the Croatia tour.
Matt de Grood shouldn't be punished because of schizophrenia stigma
In 2016, Matthew de Grood, the man who killed five people at a house party in Calgary, was found to be not criminally responsible for his actions.
Now, in 2019, there is a hearing to determine whether or not he should be allowed more freedoms, such as unsupervised outings. The decision won't come for a few more weeks, so in the meantime we're left to wonder whether or not this is a good idea. There are two sides to this: one citing his violent behaviour in the past, calling to prevent it from happening again, and the other side which believes in the power of change and rehabilitation.
As long as de Grood continues to take his medication, there isn't a huge risk of reoffense, so why are people so concerned? I believe the stigma surrounding people with mental illness, particularly those with schizophrenia, largely influences this fear. Certain mental illnesses have become less stigmatized, such as mood and anxiety disorders. But others, including schizophrenia, remain highly stigmatized. This is in large part due to numerous portrayals of schizophrenics as dangerous people with voices in their heads telling them to kill people.
That was the case in this situation, but these instances are rare, and that's perhaps why we remember them so well when they occur. In fact, the majority of schizophrenic individuals are nonviolent, and are more likely to be the victims rather than the perpetrators of crime or violence. In light of this, it seems unreasonable to insist that de Grood be denied certain freedoms when the fear of re-offense is based more on a prejudiced attitude towards people with schizophrenia than actual likelihood.
Hungarian PM Orban defends his candidate for EU executive, "has solutions in pocket"
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has said he has several solutions "in his pocket" after Hungary's candidate for the European Commission was rejected.
The EU transport commissioner-designate, Romanian socialist politician Rovana Plumb, and the proposed commissioner for EU enlargement, former Hungarian justice minister Laszlo Trocsanyi, were told their confirmation hearings could not go ahead because of inconsistencies in their financial statements, Reuters reported.
Being stuck on a long-haul flight within earshot of a crying baby could be a thing of the past for passengers on Japan Airlines (JAL), after the carrier unveiled an online booking tool that indicates where toddlers will be seated.
JAL and other airlines have yet to come up with way of anticipating seat reservations by serial snorers and passengers who fully recline their seats during in-flight meals.
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack
"The Assad regime is responsible for innumerable atrocities some of which rise to the level of war crimes and crimes against humanity," Pompeo told a news conference.
In April 2018, the U.S., Britain and France launched airstrikes in Syria in retaliation for what they described as a suspected chemical attack that killed more than 40 people earlier that month.
"He is just one of a number of American citizens held in Syria and we call upon the Syrian regime to release them all."
Tesla jumps on report Musk aims to deliver 100,000 cars this quarter
Elon Musk, co-founder and chief executive officer of Tesla Motors.
Shares of Tesla jumped more than 5% after Electrek, an electric vehicle news website, reported that CEO Elon Musk said the company "has a shot" at delivering 100,000 cars this quarter, which would be a new record.
Electrek attributed the update to a leaked email from Musk sent to his employees at Tesla. Musk wrote in the email: "We have a shot at achieving our first 100,000 vehicle delivery quarter, which is an incredibly exciting milestone for our company!"
The automaker is expected to report its quarterly vehicle deliveries in the next few days.
Last quarter, Tesla delivered approximately 95,000 electric vehicles.
Greece: 5 deny poor women's babies sold in illegal adoptions
A total 12 people were arrested this week in connection with the alleged illegal adoptions and the alleged sale of human eggs. Another 54 have been charged with complicity.
Mike Pompeo says Syrian government used chlorine in May chemical weapon attack
"The Assad regime is responsible for innumerable atrocities, some of which rise to the level of war crimes and crimes against humanity," Mr Pompeo told a news conference in New York, where he has been attending the United Nations General Assembly.
Father Remains Hopeful That Suspect Who Fatally Shot Son One Year Ago Will Be Caught
"I wish I could trade places with you son, I wish I could trade places with you," Guy Alford, the victim's father, said.
Security video, which has never been released, showed Alford stopped in the drive-thru when a second car pulled up behind him. Three suspects were then seen getting out of that car. One of them walked up to the driver's side, and shot Alford. The four people in Alford's car jumped out and ran. The suspects were then seen getting back into their car and driving away.
As the investigation into the fatal shooting continues, Alford said he wasn't giving up either.
"I can assure you, this one is going to get solved," he said.
Brexit can get plenty more toxic from here
Johnson's regular bashing of his predecessor's "backstop" proposal to avoid a return to a hard border in Ireland and protect the EU single market hasn't led to any convincing alternatives. Officials say the proposals sent in by the UK on alternative arrangements aren't concrete enough to be considered operational in time for an October 31 exit.
Brexit can get plenty more toxic from here.
Black hole swallowing and ripping apart star captured for first time
The star, which was about the same size as our sun, was seen from 375 million light years away warping and spiralling into the gravitational pull of a supermassive black hole, researchers said in the Astrophysical Journal.
NASA's planet-searching telescope, the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite - TESS - captured the detailed timeline from beginning to end for the first time.
UK business committee to probe Thomas Cook collapse
The aviation regulator said it has brought back over 40% of the total number of passengers in the largest peacetime repatriation 'Operation Matterhorn' launched on Monday.
Why The Times Published Details of the Whistle-Blower's Identity
We took their concerns to Dean Baquet, The Times's executive editor, who responded to them in a discussion with the Reader Center:
China Says It Didn't Fight Any War Nor Invaded Foreign Land
China on Friday said it has not provoked a "single war or conflict" or "invaded a single square" of foreign land, skirting any reference to the 1962 war with India.
It was finally diplomatically resolved after which both sides pulled back their troops.
"China has achieved full resolution of land border delimitation problems with 12 of its 14 neighbouring countries, and delineated the China-Vietnam maritime boundary in the Beibu Gulf," the white paper said, noting that since reform and opening up in 1978, the country has cut its armed forces "by over four million."
Homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon.
Other cities such as Kolkata, Lucknow and Hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall. Uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains.
The extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers. "This amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year. It is making my vegetables - I've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment - rot," said Prakash Mehra, a small farmer in Bhimtal in Uttarakhand.
Burning Ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil. But given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, Ravana might have the last laugh.
A Spanish private security company hired to protect the Ecuadorian embassy in London when Julian Assange lived there spied on the WikiLeaks founder for the US intelligence service, it has been claimed.
The company is being investigated over the claims by Spain's High Court, the Audiencia Nacional, said the report.
El Pais said UC Global SL had failed to respond to requests for comment on the claims.
He took refuge there in 2012 while on bail and facing extradition to Sweden over sex assault allegations, saying he feared extradition to the US if he left over the activities of WikiLeaks.
A telephone message left at Tulsa, Oklahoma-based Omni Air International was immediately returned Thursday night.
Mohandas Karamchand "Mahatma" Gandhi, who was born on Oct. 2, 1869, left a worldwide legacy with his focus on ethics, nonviolence, tolerance and social justice. He had a profound impact on two of the most important mass mobilizations in the United States.
Modi has belonged, since he was 8 years old, to a Hindu nationalist organization known as the RSS, an ex-member of which, Nathuram Godse, assassinated Gandhi on Jan. 30, 1948. Indeed, parliamentarians from Modi's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party have heaped praise on Gandhi's killer in recent years.
Trump nominates Peter Gaynor to be FEMA chief: White House
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Acting Administrator Peter Gaynor smiles as he testifies before a Senate Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee hearing on FEMA's FY2020 budget request on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2019.
Gaynor, FEMA's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires.
Gaynor's nomination to the post was expected. He will require a majority of the Senate to approve the nomination to take the job.
Man set alight on doorstep 'in targeted attack'
A man has been set alight on his doorstep in what police believe is a targeted attack.
The 48-year-old was soaked in flammable liquid, believed to be petrol, before bursting into flames outside his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
He is in hospital in a critical but stable condition after suffering serious burns.
Detective Chief Inspector Pauline Stables, leading the investigation, said: "This is a horrific incident which has left a man in a very poorly condition in hospital.
"We are carrying out a number of enquiries to try to identify those responsible.
"Has a loved one come home acting suspiciously, smelling of smoke or petrol or with unexplained injuries?
Vulnerable Dems air impeachment concerns to Pelosi
Rep. Angie Craig, a vulnerable freshman Democrat from Minnesota, who said earlier this week that she supported the impeachment inquiry said after the meeting that Pelosi and Democratic leaders mostly listened to the views raised by the lawmakers.
"I'm in a district where I've been reluctant to move forward only from the perspective where I want to be disciplined, I want to look at due process and want to make sure we get all of our facts -- and this process will allow us to do that," Craig said, adding she backed a narrow probe led by the House Intelligence Committee.
Rep. Matt Cartwright, a Democrat from Pennsylvania, told CNN that he wouldn't -- at this point -- vote for articles of impeachment.
"I would vote no right now because we haven't seen all the facts," Cartwright said. "We have to presume that people are innocent, don't we, and we have to see if what the press has been reporting and what has been revealed in terms of documentation, if if all that is true."
"I really can't think of a better thing to do than to sort of check in with the boss before we move forward," he told reporters. "It's actually good timing that we get a chance to go home, catch our breath, get the perspective of people back home, explain what we're doing, and then come back and move forward accordingly."
"I think it's everybody's intention here to get this done in 2019," said Rep. Jamie Raskin, an impeachment advocate and member of the Judiciary Committee.
"The caucus is unified around the lawlessness and corruption pouring forth from the White House, and our job will be to reduce it to a set of articles of impeachment that make sense to the country," the Maryland Democrat told reporters on Thursday night. "We need a set of articles that make a compelling legal case and that tell a coherent story to the public. And if we do our job right, it will be a unifying exercise for the whole country."
Rep. Anthony Brindisi, a freshman from New York who has resisted calls for an impeachment probe, told CNN that he's "not yet" there on impeaching Trump.
Still there has been a surge in support -- more than 75 House members in about three days -- of launching such an inquiry as part of the fallout from Trump's July 25 call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky where he discussed former Vice President Joe Biden. There is no evidence of wrongdoing by Biden.
Other details about what efforts were taken to move the records are not immediately known, beyond the allegations contained in the whistleblower complaint about that call.
"In the days following the phone call, I learned from multiple U.S. officials that senior White House officials had intervened to "lock down" all records of the phone call, especially the official word-for-word transcript of the call that was produced - as customary - by the White House Situation Room," the whistleblower stated.
The White House released an unclassified version of that transcript of the call on Wednesday. The memo, which does not reflect a "verbatim transcript" but is based on "notes and recollections" of those memorializing the call, shows Trump seeking assistance in investigating the Bidens.
This refers to Joe Biden, while vice president, urging Ukraine to fire its top prosecutor Viktor Shokin who was investigating the natural gas firm Burisma Holdings - where his son, Hunter Biden, was on the board. Biden allies maintain that corruption concerns prompted his intervention.
The White House lawyers" directive to move the transcript has been characterized by top Democrats as a "cover-up."
Meanwhile, Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow downplayed the importance of the record-keeping details.
"A cover-up? Think about that for a moment," Sekulow said on "Fox & Friends" Friday. "The White House secured a call with the president of Ukraine? It's so secret and such a cover-up, here's the documents. This is nonsense."
Ukraine scandal: Pelosi says Barr 'rogue'; former U.S. officials back investigation
Barr is mentioned several times in the July 25 phone call, as is Trump attorney Rudolph Giuliani. The complaint says White House officials were concerned enough that they attempted to "lock down" the record of the call.
"[Barr has] gone rogue," Pelosi told MSNBC Friday. "I think where they're going is a cover-up of a cover-up. I think it's sad, to have a Justice Department go so rogue. Well, they have been for a while. And now it just makes matters worse."
"It would also represent an effort to subordinate America's national interests -- and those of our closest allies and partners -- to the president's personal political interest."
Trump has denied there was any impropriety with the phone call. Friday, he denounced the complainant and again said the call with Zelensky was a "perfect conversation"
"Sounding more and more like the so-called whistle-blower isn't a whistle-blower at all," he tweeted. "In addition, all second-hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?"
Death of Chinese activist in police custody prompts calls for investigation into torture
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine
Hong Kong police say student arrests at protests increase
He said there was a rise in teenagers participating in violent crimes, with some already charged in court. This included a 16-year-old charged recently with arson, which carries possible a life imprisonment upon conviction, a 13-year-old girl charged with desecrating Chinese flags and others with attacking police officers and carrying dangerous weapons.
Police have approved a major rally in downtown Hong Kong on Saturday organized by the Civil Human Rights Front to mark the fifth anniversary of the start of the Umbrella Revolution, when protesters occupied key thoroughfares in the city for 79 days in 2014 to demand universal suffrage. That movement ended without any government concession.
The Civil Human Rights Front is also planning another big march on Oct. 1, sparking fears of a bloody showdown that could embarrass China's ruling Communist Party as it marks its 70th year in power with grand festivities in Beijing. The Hong Kong government has scaled down National Day celebrations by calling off an annual firework display and moving a reception indoors.
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare
Glyphosate is the key ingredient in Monsanto's weedkiller, Roundup. In the United States, juries have awarded huge monetary damages to people who say their cancer was caused by exposure to glyphosate. Bayer, which owns Monsanto, says the herbicide is safe when used properly, as does the US Environmental Protection Agency.
Brands such as Nescafe and Nespresso make up a sizable chunk of Nestle's powdered and liquid beverages business, which generated sales of 21.6 billion Swiss francs ($21.7 billion) in 2018. Nestle last year agreed a deal to sell Starbucks' packaged coffees and teas around the world.
Does glyphosate cause cancer?
Man guilty of killing 6 members of his extended family in Texas
A Harris County jury found Ronald Haskell, 39, guilty in the July 2014 killings of six members of the Stay family: parents Stephen Stay and Katie Stay, and children Bryan, 13, Emily, 9, Rebecca, 7 and Zach, 4.
"We are grateful for the jurors' rapt attention over the last many weeks to every piece of evidence in the case," Harris County District Attorney Kim Ogg said in a statement. "There was never a reasonable doubt that Haskell meticulously planned and carried out the slaughter of the Stay family."
The Stays and four of their children were fatally shot in the back of their heads, and a fifth child, who was 15 at the time, survived. That teen, Cassidy, was grazed in the head by a bullet and played dead.
Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty in the capital murder case, but jurors will decide whether Haskell should receive a death sentence or life in prison.
At trial, the defense argued that Haskell was insane and heard voices that led him to kill the six people, NBC affiliate KPRC of Houston reported. After the verdict was read Thursday, he hung his head.
"I think he took it as best as you could expect," said Doug Durham, one of Haskell's defense attorneys, according to the station. "He was aware that this was a strong possibility."
The sentencing phase begins Monday. Haskell defense attorney Neil Davis III said his team will work "to save his life. That's our job," according to KPRC.
The sentencing phase is expected to last around 2 ½ weeks, the station reported.
Haskell was disguised as a FedEx delivery driver when he went to the Stay home, apparently looking for his ex-wife, who is Katie Stay's sister.
He forced his way inside and tied up Cassidy, officials said. When the rest of her family returned minutes later, Haskell tied them up and demanded to know the whereabouts of his ex-wife. They said they didn't know, and they were each shot in the back of the head.
Cassidy, who was wounded, played dead until Haskell left, and was able to identify him to police. She told officials he was planning to drive to her grandparents' home and kill them. But police tracked down Haskell, and he was arrested after a 20-minute police chase and a three-hour standoff.
A BAN on advertising for e-cigarettes and vaping products, is being considered by ministers.
The First Minister has confirmed that a consultation on the move would take place in "the coming months."
Nicola Sturgeon says that if evidence supports further moves over the sale of such products her Government would "not hesitate" to act.
It comes as it emerged a vaping-related illness had claimed two more lives, bringing the total number of fatalities to 11.
The first deaths in Florida and Georgia were announced on Tuesday and Wednesday. Currently 38 states have recorded cases of the illness, with lives lost in eight states.
While most patients have reported a history of using products containing THC, the psychoactive compound in cannabis, the patient who died in Georgia on Wednesday reported only "heavy nicotine vaping."
The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has more than 100 officials investigating the cause of the mystery illness, and has warned citizens against smoking e-cigarette products until more is known, particularly if modified or bought "off the street."
The First Minister has confirmed the Scottish Government was monitorigin developments in the US and elsewhere "closely," following the loss of life that has been attributed to vaping.
"In the coming months, we will consult on introducing a complete ban on the advertising and promotion of vapour products."
Cambodian court charges exiled politicians with rebellion
The court's charges on Thursday are the latest salvo in a political battle that has heated up since opposition leader Sam Rainsy announced plans to return from more than three years of exile on Nov. 9 to seek a "restoration of democracy."
"My calls to the people and the armed forces of #Cambodia to rise up against the regime will continue until the regime has restored to the opposition its right to participate in the country's political life including genuine elections," Sam Rainsy said on Twitter earlier this week.
This year's Turner Prize-shortlisted pieces will be on display in Margate from tomorrow, with Brexit on the agenda.
Colombian artist Oscar Murillo's work "surge (social cataracts) " depicts people staring out to the North Sea, but with their view of the water and the European continent on the other side of it obscured by a dark canvas, with only a sliver of what lies beyond revealed through a slash in the canvas.
She added: "I think it's a broader idea of blocking the view, the outward-looking view, to anywhere really. And that gesture of blocking the light. But I guess there is still this sort of glimmer of hope, there is a slash in the canvas, and you can just see the sea on the horizon."
Named after 19th-century landscape painter JMW Turner, the award made stars of Grayson Perry, Damien Hirst and 12 Years a Slave director Steve McQueen.
The Sun Sentinel reports 34-year-old Justin Boccio pleaded guilty Thursday to kidnapping and conspiracy to commit kidnapping in the January attack on the surgeon, who hasn't been publicly identified.
Boccio's attorney, Kenneth Lange, said his client was convinced to take part in the scheme by co-defendant, Serge Nkorina, who's being extradited from Tenerife, Spain.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been dealt another blow in his push for an early election in the United Kingdom.
A THAAD missile defense system and two additional Patriot missile batteries are prepared to go if needed, the Pentagon said.
Last week, Defense Secretary Mark Esper said more troops would deploy to the Middle East as a "defensive" measure to help protect against attacks from Iran.
"It is clear [...] that the weapons used were Iranian-produced and were not launched from Yemen," Esper said Friday, noting that all signs indicate "Iran was responsible for the attack."
Meghan Markle was 'never asked' about Suits cameo
The creator of Suits, Aaron Korsh, has said he "never asked" Britain's Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, to reprise her role as Rachel Zane for a cameo in the show's last-ever episode.
In an interview with Deadline.com following the airing of Suits' finale in the US, Korsh was asked if there was "any possibility" of the former actress being asked "to do even a small cameo."
The Duchess of Sussex appeared in archive Suits footage during the finale's montage.
She starred as Rachel Zane in the New York-set legal drama from 2011 until her final episode aired last year.
Pit bull dies of snake bites while protecting Florida boys
Gary Richardson told WOFL-TV the boys were outside the family's home in Sumter County, Florida, on Monday, cleaning Zeus' water dish when the venomous coral snake slithered toward them. Richardson says the children didn't see the snake but the dog did and attacked it.
Germany reports landmark case of West Nile virus
Jonas Schmidt-Chanasit of Germany's Bernhard Nocht Institute tropical medicine center said that "the unusually warm summers of the last two years, triggered by climate change, apparently have contributed to WNV establishing itself north of the Alps."
Men undergoing surgery for prostate cancer fare just as well without radiotherapy, a major study has found.
Scientists found that five years later, there was almost no difference in disease recurrence between the two groups, with those who did not have treatment faring slightly better.
Progression free survival was 85 per cent in the radiotherapy group and 88 per cent in the standard care group.
There was a difference of around 1 per cent between the groups, after data was adjusted to take account of other factors.
Seth Dunlap Louisiana: WWL Radio host threatening to sue over anti-gay tweet sent the tweet himself, station claims, similar to Jussie Smollett case
A radio host in New Orleans said he received an anti-gay slur, sent to him from the radio station's Twitter account. On Wednesday, WWL host Seth Dunlap, who is openly gay, said he planned to sue the station's parent company after working for years in a homophobic and hostile workplace. In a strange turn of events Thursday, the New Orleans Police Department said the homophobic tweet sent to Dunlap came from none other than Dunlap's phone.
The tweet in question was sent earlier this month and the day it was sent, Dunlap hosted his show as usual. But the next day, he announced a leave of absence, CBS affiliate WWL-TV reports.
However, he decided to take a polygraph test to dispel any speculation that he was the one who sent the tweet to himself, his lawyer Megan Kiefer, said. A lawsuit has not yet been filed on Dunlap's behalf, but he said in his statement that one would be coming, according to WWL-TV.
WWL Radio, which is a CBS News Radio affiliate but is owned by Entercom, said in a statement it had investigated the tweet and decided to refer the matter to law enforcement officials. "WWL has completed its investigation into the highly offensive, unauthorized tweet sent from WWL's Twitter account on September 10, which directed a homophobic slur at Seth Dunlap," said WWL Radio in a statement.
Viola Davis discusses playing Michelle Obama in 'First Ladies'
Viola Davis says she's "terrified" to portray Michelle Obama in a new TV series.
The 54-year-old actress discussed playing Obama in the Showtime series First Ladies during Thursday's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Davis said she's met Obama but has no idea if the former first lady knows about her taking on the role.
"It's like, 'You raised a great kid, but you messed up Michelle Obama,'" she jokingly added.
Davis said, however, that she's confident about the script, written by author Aaron Cooley. Davis and Cooley will also executive produce the show.
"It's going to be a great script, I promise," Davis said. "Listen, I don't want to make my people mad."
"I had to wear a fat suit," Davis told host Jimmy Kimmel. "I loved it. I told them that I wanted really, really big [expletive]. I wanted to look like the women I grew up with."
Davis plays Annalise Keating on the ABC series How to Get Away with Murder, which premiered its sixth and final season Thursday.
Mac Miller death: Third man charged with drug offences
A third man has been arrested and charged with drug offences in connection with the overdose death of rapper Mac Miller.
Steven Walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that Miller possessed before he died of an accidental overdose last year of cocaine, alcohol and the powerful opioid.
Ryan Reavis, 36, who was arrested in Lake Havasu City, Arizona, this week is accused of serving as Walter's "runner," who delivered the pills to Pettit.
Walter, who is on supervised release over a 2005 drug case, remains in custody.
A Pittsburgh native whose real name was Malcolm James Myers McCormick, Miller's lyrics included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hip-hop.
He was also in a two-year relationship with Ariana Grande that ended earlier in 2018. After his death she posted an affectionate video of him on her Instagram page and released a song, Thank U Next, that lovingly mentioned him.
Prince died in 2016 when he took counterfeit pills laced with fentanyl that looked like a generic version of the painkiller Vicodin.
Matthew Roberts, guitarist for the band 3 Doors Down, also died of an overdose in 2016, and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system.
Woman STRIPS TO NOTHING in Walmart to prove she didn't steal
The woman first peels off her skirt and begins to proceed toward the exit, but, perhaps unsatisfied her guilt was yet assuaged, soon turned around to remove her shirt as well. Now fully nude, she stormed off, clothes in hand.
The birthday-suited shopper's identity remains unknown, though she appears to have been allowed to leave the premises after the impromptu peep show.
"I can't help the way I'm made," Whitehurst told the Sun.
West Bengal Government Plans To Set Up Museum At Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar's House
West Bengal government has plans to set up a museum at the north Kolkata house of 19th century social reformer Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar where he had spent the last few years of his life, state minister Partha Chatterjee said.
The museum will come up at Vidyasagar's residence at Badur Bagan area where pictures and models, chronicling his life from his birth place at Birsinghapur village in Paschim Medinipur district to the house in north Kolkata, will be put on display, he said on Thursday.
Mr Chatterjee, who is the education minister, said this at a function after inaugurating "Vidyasagar Academy" at the Badur Bagan residence on the 200th birth anniversary celebrations of the educational and social reformer.
The minister also released two books, "Amader Vidyasagar" and "Chotoder Vidyasagar" at the programme.
Some items used by Vidyasagar, gathering dust in the storeroom of the house, will be brought out for public viewing at the museum.
This will help the present generation to know about the man, who had waged a war against women oppression and propagated widow remarriage, he said.
The School Education and Higher Education department will organise seminars highlighting Vidaysagar's life and work in schools and colleges during a year-long programme, Mr Chatterjee said.
Listing other activities to be taken up by the academy, Mr Chatterjee said that a collection of hitherto unknown writings by Vidyasagar will be published.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had recently announced that Vidyasagar's birthplace at Birsinghapur village will be developed as an educational tourist hub.
On Thursday, a bronze statue of Vidyasagar was installed at Vidyasagar College.
A bust of the social reformer was vandalised during a road show of BJP chief Amit Shah in the city in May.