Why the Queen made an error of judgement on proroguing Parliament - Joyce McMillan
I suppose that even 20 years on, it's a beheading offence to give precise details of what they said on the subject of the Queen's role in the planned official opening of the new Scottish Parliament, on 1 July 1999; but I can say that they were an impressive crew, much more politically savvy about the constitutional nuances of devolution than most UK Government representatives at the time, and much more sharply aware - given their vast experience across the Commonwealth - that political self-determination is one thing, and the role of the monarch as head of state is another.
This time, though, warning bells should have sounded in the royal household as soon as they heard that the new Prime Minister was proposing such a long prorogation in the run-up to the Brexit deadline date; and a couple of quick concerned phone calls from palace to Downing Street should have been enough to persuade the PM to shorten his pre-Queen's Speech prorogation to the usual length of a few days or a week.
To the royal household, after all, past custom and practice is 99 per cent of the law.
So what went wrong?
It is 42 years, after all, since punk poet John Lydon of the Sex Pistols first noisily linked the Queen with the idea of a "fascist regime"; and although the history of postwar Europe strongly suggests that there is no inevitable connection between royalty and reactionary politics, it can be argued that the 1970s punk movement at least tried to open up a conversation about monarchy and democracy, one which the UK has since failed to pursue.
The global merchants of democratic instability and breakdown - the Putins and Bannons, with their armies of hate-mongering internet bots - must be delighted by the spectacular progress of their project, over just three years, in one of the world's most stable democracies.
FORMER Emmerdale cast member Kelvin Fletcher has swapped the Dales for the dancefloor on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing 2019.
But what do we know about him?
How much is Kelvin Flecther being paid for Strictly Come Dancing?
The father-of-one is said to have been paid something in the region of £25,000 and £40,000 to take part in the 17th series of Strictly Come Dancing.
The Sun previously reported that each celebrity is given a standard £25,000 payment for joining.
For those who stay until the end of October the fee rises to £40,000.
With Kelvin being a strong competitor there is every possibility he could walk away with £100,000 if he wins the entire competition.
Why did Kelvin Fletcher leave Emmerdale?
He played the part of Andy Sugden for 20 years, before quitting the role in 2016 for good.
During an appearance on This Morning, the actor opened up about his decision to leave the ITV soap.
It's been an incredible twenty years.
I am so grateful to Emmerdale.
He added: "What started out as a hobby at six years old - I was then able to do something like that every day on a professional platform on one of the country's greatest shows.
Looking back over 20 years it has been a rollercoaster and for me it's give me passion to leave and continue."
Ms. Viotti recognized the African Union and Member States' success in achieving important milestones in their pursuit for higher effectiveness, self-reliance and cooperation, and welcomed the work of the African Union Mediation Support Unit and the FemWise Network of African Women in Conflict Prevention and Mediation, which are, she said, "boosting capacity to defuse crises and making such efforts more inclusive."
Despite the many examples of progress, Ms. Viotti declared that the international community needs to do much more to support African efforts.
For example, more predictable, flexible and sustainable financing for African Union-led peace support operations is needed; more political will and resources for peacebuilding and sustaining peace efforts; and active support for the AU Initiative on Silencing the Guns.
Belfast High Court dismisses no-deal Brexit case
The Court of Appeal in Belfast has dismissed an application that the UK government's Brexit policy will damage the Northern Ireland peace process.
One of the applicants was high-profile victims' campaigner Raymond McCord, whose son was murdered by loyalist paramilitaries in 1997.
It comes after the UK Supreme Court unanimously ruled that Prime Minister Boris Johnson acted unlawfully in shutting down parliament for five weeks.
The three-judge Court of Appeal, led by the region's Lord Chief Justice Sir Declan Morgan, gave their judgment on Friday morning.
The three challenges focused on various aspects of a no-deal Brexit on 31 October.
Mr McCord, who was not at court due to ill health, said he would study the Belfast Court of Appeal judgment with his lawyer.
I hope I am proven wrong.
I respect the judgment of the Appeal Court in every way, I believe the judges sitting there are amongst the best judges in the UK.
I have to respect their judgment.
No. of women in science field far from satisfactory; need to increase participation: President Kovind
President Ram Nath Kovind on Thursday said the participation of women in the field of science in the country is far from satisfactory and steps need to be taken to ensure greater involvement of girl students in the area.
In his address on the 78th foundation day celebrations of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), he said achievements in the field of science and technology will become more wholesome and desirable if there is a greater participation of girl students and of women in this area.
We have to take the necessary steps to ensure greater participation of girl students and of women in science and technology.
"When this happens, our scientific achievements will become even more wholesome and more desirable," the President said.
"None of our successes will have any meaning without equal opportunities for our girl-children," he added.
Science and Technology Minister Harsh Vardhan, Principal Scientific Advisor K VijayRaghavan and CSIR Director General Shekhar Mande were also present at the event.
Mr Kovind called upon the scientific community to take calculated risk.
He said the academic, scientific institutions, industry and entrepreneurs must collaborate to ensure that scientific research can move from labs to industry, agricultural fields, incubation centres and start-ups.
Mr Vardhan also presented the President a Fuel Cell Prototype developed by CSIR labs.
Saudi Arabia To Offer Tourist Visas For First Time, Abolish Abaya Rule
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.
The announcement comes just two weeks after devastating attacks on Saudi Arabia's oil infrastructure -- blamed by Washington on Iran -- which roiled global energy markets and raised fears of a wider regional conflict.
Saudi Arabia will open applications for online tourist visas to citizens of 49 countries on Saturday, Bloomberg News quoted Khateeb as saying.
Khateeb said the kingdom will also ease its strict dress code for foreign women, allowing them to go without the body-shrouding abaya robe that is still mandatory public wear for Saudi women.
Prince Mohammed is seeking to change that through a sweeping liberalisation drive that has brought new cinemas, mixed-gender concerts and sporting extravaganzas to Saudi Arabia.
International criticism of the kingdom's human rights record, including the gruesome murder last year of critic Jamal Khashoggi and a crackdown on female activists, could further put off foreign visitors, observers say.
But the kingdom currently lacks the infrastructure to accomodate visitors in such high numbers, with officials estimating 500,000 new hotel rooms will be required nationwide over the coming decade.
Wells Fargo taps BNY Mellon's Charles Scharf as CEO
Scharf will take over from interim CEO Allen Parker, who was thrust into the position in March when former CEO Tim Sloan resigned abruptly.
Sloan had said increased pressure from politicians and regulators had become a distraction in running the scandal-plagued bank.
Scharf will take charge at a time when the bank is under a regulatory microscope and is working at rebuilding its tarnished reputation following the scandal.
Wells Fargo's board has been shuffled many times since the scandal, with more than half of its independent directors joining the board after 2016.
The bank also said Scharf had forfeited all of his equity and incentive awards which were unvested as of Thursday.
KBW analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said he was unsure what to expect from Scharf as Wells Fargo's CEO since his tenure at Bank of New York Mellon lasted only for two years.
Scharf, 54, started his career in 1987 at Commercial Credit Corp, a consumer finance company run by Jamie Dimon and Sandy Weill - executives who went on to lead two of America's biggest banks.
He was named Dimon's assistant six months into the job at Commercial Credit, according to an alumni magazine for the NYU stern business school.
Wells Fargo said Scharf's base salary at the bank would be $2.5 million - nearly the same as Sloan's base pay in 2018.
Sloan's total compensation for the year was $18.4 million.
Parents Arrested In Suspicious Death Of 4-Year-Old Palmdale Boy Noah Cuatro - CBS Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) - The parents of 4-year-old Palmdale boy Noah Cuatro who died in July under suspicious circumstances were arrested Thursday, officials confirmed.
Jose Cuatro and Ursula Juarez were arrested for the murder of their son, Noah, on September 26, 2019, at approximately 8:00 a.m., the Los Angeles County Sheriffs Dept. announced.
Noah had been ordered by a court back in May to be removed from his parents' custody over concerns about abuse.
Hospital staff found signs of trauma on Noah's body and determined there were issues with his parents' explanation for his cause of death.
Noah's maternal great-grandmother Eva Hernandez told CBSLA that he was in and out of foster care his entire life.
Even though we're talking today about the arrest of his parents, we will be back some point in the future to hold that agency accountable for the death of this little boy.
In 2016, according to the Times, Noah was removed from the home and placed in foster care for two years.
He was returned to his parents' custody in November 2018.
Hernandez said she often cared for her great-grandson.
Rugby World Cup 2019: Warren Gatland announces Wales line-up for Australia showdown
Gatland has placed his faith in the starting XV that secured a 43-14 victory over Georgia four days ago, this despite the knocks suffered by centre Hadleigh Parkes and hooker Ken Owens.
There is one switch among the replacements, with Ospreys centre Owen Watkin taking over from Leigh Halfpenny.
Gatland's side features nine survivors from Wales' narrow win against the Wallabies last November.
There are also further opportunities for prop Wyn Jones and flanker Aaron Wainwright after they made their Rugby World Cup debuts in the Georgia game.
Buy a classic Guardian photograph: Myanmar by David Levene
World Cup is shop window that will improve team, says Canada captain
Ardron, one of the few Canadians playing in a top-tier club competition - for New Zealand club Waikato Chiefs in the international Super Rugby competition - recognized his side were unlikely to upset either of the southern hemisphere nations.
That would be a win for us.
Wins on the field may be few and far between for tier-two nations at the tournament, such as Uruguay's victory over Fiji in Kamaishi on Wednesday.
But I think the MLR is a lifeline for Canada and the United States.
MLR still has a way to go.
President Donald Trump speaks while participating in a tour of border wall prototypes.
The House voted Friday to block the national emergency declaration President Donald Trump is using to fund his proposed border wall.
Democrats have accused Trump of both circumventing Congress' power of the purse and raiding key Defense funds for unnecessary barriers.
Babies living in areas with high levels of air pollution have a greater risk of death than those surrounded by cleaner air, a study has found.
Kotecha said the research was based on data for almost 8 million live births in England and Wales between 2001 and 2012.
The team divided England and Wales into 35,000 areas, each containing approximately 1,500 residents, and looked at the annual death rates for babies up to one-year-old, together with the average annual levels for three pollutants.
Once factors such as maternal age, deprivation level for the area and birthweight were taken into account, the team said that babies aged up to one year had a greater chance of dying living in areas with the worst air pollution compared with areas with the cleanest air.
It also did not take into account levels of indoor air pollution.
Prof Mireille Toledano, an expert in population child health at Imperial College London, said the study confirmed that air pollution is a major public health hazard, adding that current standards are failing to protect people.
The study also did not take into account fluctuations in air pollution with the weather or over seasons, and did not take into account where the mother spent her pregnancy or factors such as maternal smoking.
Toledano said it was also unclear how factors like birthweight were accounted for.
Dr Penny Woods, the chief executive of the British Lung Foundation, said action must be taken to tackle the public health crisis of air pollution - including introducing clean air zones in the most polluted cities.
Muslim Woman Says Company Didn't Hire Her As She Wanted To Pray At Work
Shahin Indorewala is suing the firm, claiming that she was discriminated against.
Shahin Indorewala had a job working with children with autism, but she wanted to gain more experience in marketing.
So she applied to Fast Trak Management, a small company that bills itself as "the number 1 marketing firm in the Northern Virginia Area."
In a lawsuit filed in US District Court on Tuesday, Indorewala said she was "humiliated" by Fast Trak's CEO mocking her Muslim beliefs.
The CEO, Ramses Gavilondo, disputes her version of events, saying Indorewala decided she did not want the job.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations, which brought the lawsuit on Indorewala's behalf, held a brief news conference outside Fast Trak's Falls Church office on Wednesday, when CAIR labeled Fast Trak "a company that disregarded federal law and chose not to hire her because of her faith."
In a video of the news conference, Indorewala said that her first interview went well, and that she was asked to return for a second interview.
She promptly ended the interview.
Indorewala said she then explained to Gavilondo that she prays five times a day.
At that point, Indorewala says, Gavilondo pointed to her headscarf and made mocking comments about religion.
"Am I really being made fun of for my religion in public in what's supposed to be a professional workplace? . . .
Clearly I was being discriminated against because of my religion," Indorewala said at the news conference.
I just kind of quietly left the office.
Someone came for an interview.
They didn't want to work here. . . .
And Morrison does not have to say "fake news" to echo the President at times.
So when Morrison needs answers on how to win the next election, he will no doubt consider Trump's formula - and whether it works in November 2020.
Imagine Morrison if that were so.
He would ridicule it as a waste of time.
The fact that Morrison used his speech to the UN to talk about action on climate shows he does not want to lose voters in the middle who expect their political leaders to take it seriously.
The future belongs to patriots," Trump said at the United Nations on Tuesday.
"We will be more secure and prosperous in a global order based on agreed rules, not one based on the exercise of power alone," Morrison told Asialink in Sydney in June.
Zimbabwe: Sanctions Slow Down Zim Progress
Zvamaida Murwira in NEW YORK, United States
President Mnangagwa urged the United Nations (UN) to assert its authority and honour its principles by reining in countries that imposed the sanctions.
As the United Nations, let us boldly honour the principles of our Charter.
The wrongs of the world must be set right.
"My country applauds the South African Development Community, the African Union and all those who stand with us in demanding the immediate and unconditional removal of these illegal sanctions," said President Mnangagwa.
Sanctions are a lose-lose game.
The West, specifically the US and the European Union (EU), imposed sanctions on Zimbabwe at the turn of the millennium in protest over the irreversible land reform programme that sought to correct land ownership imbalances that had been inherited from the racist colonial regime.
Both the US and the EU claim to be champions of democracy and human rights, yet they are stifling economic growth in Zimbabwe through the maintenance of the racist sanctions.
Analysts have suggested that the West was using the sanctions as a ploy to effect regime change through making living standards difficult in Zimbabwe so that citizens turn against their Government.
The annual defense paper, approved Friday by the Cabinet, underscores Japan's fear of being targeted by its neighbor.
Caller Bob insisted MPs seeking to oppose Brexit in Parliament will soon realise they are in the "wrong" position.
Members of Parliament have been engaged in a bitter battle with Boris Johnson and his Cabinet in an attempt to make sure Britain does not leave the European Union without an official agreement.
It's not that they want a deal for Brexit, they just don't want Brexit.
It all goes back to one fundamental thing, this wonderful thing that we have in this country - that is our Constitution.
But the Prime Minister acknowledged that he would have to be able to "reach out" to opposition MPs if he was to secure their support for any new deal he negotiated with the EU.
Mr Barnier told reporters: "We are still ready to work on any new legal and operational proposal from the EU."
Following a fiery debate in the Commons, Speaker of the House John Bercow urged MPs to give up negative conduct.
Mr Bercow said: "I think there's a widespread sense across the House and beyond that yesterday the House did itself no credit."
Trump Attacks Whistleblower Sources, Suggests Complaint Is Treason: Reports
President Donald Trump on Thursday attacked anyone involved in the whistleblower complaint regarding his dealings with Ukraine as "almost a spy" and suggested their actions to expose his alleged impropriety were "treason," reported The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times.
The president made the remark as acting Director of National Intelligence Joseph Maguire testified before the House Intelligence Committee about the complaint, which prompted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) on Tuesday to announce the opening of an impeachment inquiry into Trump.
"Basically, that person never saw the report, never saw the call, and he never saw the call - heard something and decided that he or she or whoever the hell it is - they're almost a spy," Trump said.
No one in the U.S. has been convicted of treason ― a crime punishable by death ― in the last 70 years, according to NBC News.
The House Intelligence Committee released the declassified complaint Thursday ahead of Maguire's hearing.
The complainant alleges Trump's call with Zelensky amounted to an "abuse of his office for personal gain" and that White House officials were directed by White House lawyers to store a transcript of the call in an electronic system used to handle classified information.
With a win and a defeat each, Flyers and Belfast both have two points after two games in Challenge Cup Group B.
"We have a tremendous amount of respect not only for Shane but all our former players," Dutiaume said.
He was recruited by an opposition team for a reason, and he seems to have settled in well there.
For instance, in the Nottingham game, all six players played a significant part in not only retaining possession but also getting it back when there was a turnover.
Dutiaume also stressed the importance of keeping five men on the ice after taking nine minor penalties in Guildford on Sunday.
We need to stay out of the box consistently because when you're on the back foot killing for big portions at the start of a hockey game, regardless if it's evened up later, you can lose that momentum quickly and it's hard to gain it back.
All teams will talk about having a great start and making sure they take early steps to get a psychological and physical advantage.
We have an incredibly offensive bunch so the powerplay is not concerning, we just have to get comfortable with the system and make sure we're not standing around."
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday.
Christine Pelosi is a Democratic Party strategist and author of "Campaign Boot Camp" and "Campaign Boot Camp 2.0."
Taoiseach opens new Irish Consulate in LA
Leo Varadkar was accompanied by the Mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti at the ceremony.
It is the latest in a series of new foreign diplomatic missions that have been opened as part of "Global Ireland," a government initiative that aims to double Ireland's international presence by 2025.
PARIS (AP) - French authorities and Normandy residents are clearing up residue from a huge fire at a chemical plant as a foul stench continues to spread over a swath of territory.
No one was injured in Thursday's fire at a lubricant plant in Rouen, but residents have expressed concern about possible health risks and consequences for the nearby Seine River.
Firefighters are still on the scene.
Interior Minister Christophe Castaner said people in fragile health should remain indoors through Friday night.
Toyota Motor plans to raise its stake in Subaru to more than 20% from around 17% now, a deal that would also see the smaller firm invest in Japan's top automaker, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday.
The investment would come a month after Toyota and another smaller Japanese automaker, Suzuki Motor, said they would take small equity stakes in each other.
Such tie-ups highlight how automakers are scrambling to chase scale, manage costs and boost development.
Traditional carmakers, especially smaller ones like Subaru and Suzuki, are struggling to meet the fast pace of change in an industry being transformed by the rise of electric vehicles, ride-hailing and autonomous driving.
Toyota's investment is likely to cost more than 70 billion yen ($650 million) based on Subaru's stock market value, said the Nikkei business daily, which first reported the news.
Subaru is likely to reciprocate with a stake in Toyota that would roughly equal the value of Toyota's additional investment, one of the people told Reuters.
Subaru is particularly strong in sport-utility vehicles (SUV) and all-wheel-drive technology.
Ford Motor and Volkswagen have said they will spend billions of dollars to jointly develop electric and self-driving vehicles.
Jurgen Klopp provides update on Sadio Mane injury ahead of Liverpool's trip to Sheffield United
Klopp also confirmed that Xherdan Shaqiri remains sidelined while James Milner is expected to overcome a back injury he suffered in the win over MK Dons.
"Shaq is not ready yet, he's doing rehab stuff," said Klopp.
Milli got a knock in his back against MK Dons early in the game, he looked a bit awkward after the game but he should be good.
"Sadio Mane and Divock Origi both trained yesterday and have no issues," added Klopp.
How dare you?
A participant holds a drawing depicting Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg during a protest march to call for action against climate change, in The Hague, Netherlands September 27, 2019.
Police were forced to reroute the march to a location with more space.
Thunberg, 16, gave an impassioned address at the United Nations in New York this week, after millions of people worldwide joined a climate strike protest last Friday in the run-up to a U.N. climate summit.
"This strike is going to have a lot of effect when people keep showing up, not just today but also in the future and we see different kinds of people from all walks of life," said protester Reinder Rustema.
Thunberg was taking part in a protest in Canada on Friday where U.N. aviation leaders were gathering in Montreal to discuss plane emissions targets.
North Korea slams US "inaction" on lifting sanctions after nuclear talks
North Korea accused the United States of doing nothing to implement issues agreed on at summits between US President Donald Trump and the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, but said it is placing hope in the US president's "wise option and bold decision."
A statement from Foreign Ministry adviser Kim Kye Gwan circulated by North Korea's UN mission came days after Mr Trump said, without elaborating, that another summit meeting with Kim "could happen soon."
"It draws my keen interest that it is highly topical these days in the US to hold another DPRK-US summit," the adviser said, using the initials of the country's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
But he was critical of US inaction since the summits.
The Foreign Ministry adviser said North Korea "has made sincere efforts to build trust" and implement the joint Washington-Pyongyang statement issued after the first summit between Kim and Mr Trump in Singapore last year.
The adviser said this makes him doubt whether "a new breakthrough" could take place in US-North Korean relations through another summit.
"I came to know that President Trump is different from his predecessors in political sense and decision while watching his approach to the DPRK, so I would like to place my hope on president Trump's wise option and bold decision," he said.
In his speech to the global gathering on Tuesday, Mr Trump briefly mentioned North Korea, saying the United States has pursued "bold diplomacy on the Korean Peninsula."
The United States says sanctions on North Korea will remain in place until the country takes significant steps toward denuclearisation.
During the Singapore summit, Kim Jong-un promised to work toward complete denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula without providing any timetable or road map for disarmament steps.
In Singapore, Kim and Trump also agreed to establish new bilateral relations and build a lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula.
But that meeting abruptly fell apart after Mr Trump rejected Kim's request for extensive relief of sanctions in return for dismantling his main nuclear complex, a limited denuclearisation step.
The two leaders held a brief, impromptu meeting at the Korean border in late June, and agreed to restart talks.
In an unfortunate incident, an Indian Army helicopter has crashed at 1 pm near Yonphula in Bhutan.
Ground search and rescue was launched immediately from Yonphula.
"IAF and Army helicopters were also launched from Misamari, Guwahati and Hashimara," it added.
He also reiterated his strong opposition to a second Scottish independence referendum.
First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon has supported the possibility of a second independence referendum.
And I hope that Scottish Conservatives get the credit they deserve for the hundreds of millions of extra funding that we're putting into Scottish agriculture which was secured, not by Nicola Sturgeon, but by Scottish Conservatives.'
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has already said she wants to have another referendum on leaving the UK in the second half of 2020, but Mr Johnson has previously stated his opposition to a second vote on the issue.
The Scottish Government has been asked for comment on the interview with Mr Johnson.
Mugabe Burial Set for Zvimba As Govt Gives in to Family Demands
In an interview, Information Secretary, Nick Mangwana, said the family has a right to designate the burial place of the former Zimbabwean leader, who died of cancer on September 6th in Singapore.
The family of the late former President R. G. Mugabe has expressed its desire to proceed with his burial in Zvimba.
The Mugabe family had said they don't want anything to do with the heroes acre.
So, they just went ahead and did that thing.
So they flushed money down the drain ... Our members of parliament are going to be demanding accountability.
The late president will be laid to rest Saturday, according to family members.
Antonio Caruso to fight Amarsanaa Tsogookhuu in Jakarta
Antonio Caruso can see a lot of resemblances between AFL and fighting one-on-one inside a cage.
"Imagine you're playing in the AFL but you're training with an amateur club, then you go out on a Saturday and play with the AFL boys," he said.
Of course you can kick and catch the same, but the temper, the pace, it's not the same.
The reflection was born on the back of a hard training session run by former UFC welterweight champion Robbie Lawler at Hard Knocks MMA gym - Carusos's home away form home.
Henri's so advanced as a coach and he's seen it all, fighters from the best days to their worst days.
In the card's main event, ONE welterweight champion Zebaztian Kadestam will defend his title against Kiamrian Abbasov.
World Athletics Championships: MP Jabir Qualifies For 400m Hurdle Semifinals, Long Jumper M Sreeshankar Disappoints
Long jumper M Sreeshankar failed to reach the final after a disappointing performance while 400m hurdler MP Jabir made it to the semifinals on the opening day of the World Athletics Championships in Doha on Friday.
Another 400m hurdler Dharun Ayyasamy, the national record holder, tumbled after the last hurdle in his heat to fail to qualify for the semifinals.
He has a season's and personal best of 49.13.
He finished sixth in heat number five and 27th overall to miss out of the semifinals.
The first four in each of the five heats and the next four fastest qualify for the 400m hurdles semifinals.
He began with a 7.52m before clearing 7.62m.
The 11 other best performers went through to the finals with the least distance making the cut was 7.89m.
He had 7.53m in the qualifying round of the National Inter-State Championships in Lucknow last month.
Karen Pence, wife of Vice President Mike Pence, was reportedly "livid" about that infamous "Access Hollywood" tape that surfaced a month before the 2016 presidential election.
Reporter Tom LoBianco, who covered Pence for The Associated Press and Indianapolis Star, reveals in his new book "Piety & Power: Mike Pence and the Taking of the White House" that Karen Pence was very unhappy with the recording.
Now he has cycled 120 miles from San Francisco to Wine Country for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society with a team of 10 bikers.
If this GIF has ever brought you joy in the past, I humbly ask you to consider making a donation to the National MS Society.
It would mean a lot to me and to those I know affected by the disease!
Millions of people suffer from MS and there is no known cure.
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.
Woodstock Exchange, the UK-SA Tech Hub, focuses on skills development and access to markets by assisting entrepreneurs, particularly women, to acquire skills, resources and support.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
Matsi Modise, founder of skills training company Simodisa, said Meghan is determined to continue to champion the issues close to her heart despite being a member of the Fold.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
A lot of us have done amazing things as founders, but meeting a royal is quite daunting.
Angola: Minister Stresses Need to Revamp Iron Palace
Luanda - Angola's minister of Culture Maria da Piedade de Jesus has spoke of the need to boost and revive the Iron Palace in Luanda, turning the site into a Cultural Center.
This was during an audience granted to the French ambassador to Angola, Sylvain Itté, on Friday in Luanda aimed at strengthening cultural cooperation between the countries.
Maria de Jesus said that the objective is to make better use of infrastructure and making it available to the public.
The one floor and three-exhibition rooms infrastructure maintains the originality of the material used, ensuring better quality of the structure.
Maria da Piedade de Jesus stated that the intention is to transform the Iron Palace into a space for cultural interaction, as well as serving as a workshop for the discovery of new values of Angolan culture.
Immanuel Christian School: Sixth-grade boys accused of pinning down black girl and cutting off her dreadlocks in Virginia
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up.
I want to see them dismissed from the school.
We are deeply disturbed by the allegations being made, and are in communication with the family of the alleged victim to gather information and provide whatever support we can.
We have also reached out to law enforcement to ask them to conduct a thorough investigation, and further inquiries should be directed to the Fairfax County Police.
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.
My deepest condolences on passing away of Jacques Chirac.
Mickey Arthur Says Remarks About Wasim Akram, Misbah-Ul-Haq Were "Dignified"
The committee decided against renewing Arthur's contract, which paved the way for Misbah to be named the country's chief selector and new head coach.
Arthur said he had supported the participation of both Wasim and Misbah on the committee but was disappointed with the decision after placing his trust in them.
Arthur refused to speak ill of Misbah in the interview.
I was disappointed because I loved every second of that job.
"I have played for Pakistan and I serve Pakistan cricket in some capacity or the other, so when I was asked to join the committee to decide about the head coach I gave my honest opinion," Wasim told AFP in Karachi.
Misbah added that Arthur was entitled to his opinion.
Whatever he has thought he has said.
I always say that everyone has his opinion.
As a member of the cricket committee we gave our honest opinion.
I had good relations with Mickey," he added.
Passenger caught urinating on Sydney train
Disgusting video footage has emerged of a passenger urinating on a Sydney train as horrified school students watch just metres away.
A video of the incident, which occurred at around 8.30am this morning on a train travelling between Werrington and Kingswood, was posted to Facebook by Sydney woman Jordy Lee.
The footage was filmed by two students as a way of exposing the man's vile behaviour, according to the Penrith Press.
Her children told her the man was laying on the seats asleep when they got on, then during the trip he got up and started urinating on the ground.
When he was done he reportedly sat back on a seat and fell asleep again.
That is properly disgusting.
Incidents such as this are rare, however we encourage customers who witness behaviour like this to report it to Train Guards or station staff immediately.
Offensive behaviour can be subject to a fine between $400 and $1100.
I thought he was absolutely superb (against Scotland).
Week in, week out, he's never really let his side down.
The likes of Sexton...
Whereas Carty has been really, really steady.
Maybe it is that game management.
I feel that he won't let Joe down.
I'm really excited to see him go out there, starting a game and seeing how he manages the whole situation.
More than 100 dolphins have mysteriously died on a beach in the Cape Verde islands off West Africa.
Local media report that around 200 melon-headed dolphins were found on a beach on Boa Vista island on Tuesday.
Bulldozers buried 136 dead dolphins.
BIOS Cape Verde, a volunteer environmental association in the former Portuguese colony, said on its Facebook page on Friday it took samples from 50 dolphins and four others were placed in deep freeze by the local council.
The group said veterinarians from the University of Las Palmas in Spain's Canary Islands are due in the coming days to perform tests.
The sprinter, who won a gold medal for Scotland at Glasgow 2014 and two for the UK at Rio 2016, will be the show's first registered blind competitor.
This opportunity came about and I couldn't pass it up.
Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby will return to present the show which returns to STV in 2020.
Matt de Grood shouldn't be punished because of schizophrenia stigma
In 2016, Matthew de Grood, the man who killed five people at a house party in Calgary, was found to be not criminally responsible for his actions.
First, let's examine the more pessimistic side.
Despite his perceived improvement, there is still risk of re-offense.
But is this reason enough to remain afraid?
Certain mental illnesses have become less stigmatized, such as mood and anxiety disorders.
But others, including schizophrenia, remain highly stigmatized.
In light of this, it seems unreasonable to insist that de Grood be denied certain freedoms when the fear of re-offense is based more on a prejudiced attitude towards people with schizophrenia than actual likelihood.
Alva Academy serving up World's Biggest Coffee Morning
Clackmannanshire: Alva Academy has raised more than £300,000 for Macmillan.
Pupils and staff at Alva Academy will welcome the Clackmannanshire community to the school for a day for fun, games, tea, coffee and cake.
Dozens of fundraising coffee mornings are taking place across Scotland on Friday.
Alva - located at the foot of the Ochil Hills within Scotland's smallest council area - has raised more than £300,000 for Macmillan since 2004.
This year, pupils have already taken part in the likes of skiathons, swimathons, hill walks, dog walks and bungee jumps.
Teacher David Clifford, who previously accepted a UK Government Point of Light award at 10 Downing Street on behalf of the school, said: "Everything has gone swimmingly this year."
Top team: The epic fundraising is led by the charity committee comprising of David Clifford, Kirsty Clifford and Shiona Finn.
Mr Clifford - who has written a song to soundtrack a Macmillan video which will follow the school's thank you assembly - said there is never any pressure to beat a previous total.
He stated: "Yes, it will be nice to raise a huge sum of money - but the money is simply a wonderful by-product of what we do and why."
Just seeing our pupils embracing our values of respect, determination and service is enough for us.
'Keep doctors working until they're 70': Struggling Italian hospitals tell government
Regional health authorities are calling on Italy's government to allow them to recruit retired doctors and keep those older than 65 working until they're 70, as a means of tackling their serious shortages of medical practitioners.
The proposal is part of a 16-point document to be presented to Italy's Ministry of Health in the coming days which aims for there to be a "regulatory amendment on age limits for the retirement of medical personnel."
Currently doctors in Italy can retire once they've turned 65 or having worked for 40 years.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, speaking on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday, said the United States has concluded the Syrian government used chemical weapons in an attack earlier this year.
Pompeo said U.S. officials had determined Syrian President Bashar Assad's government had used chlorine in the attack on opposition forces in Idlib province on May 19.
In April 2018, the U.S., Britain and France launched airstrikes in Syria in retaliation for what they described as a suspected chemical attack that killed more than 40 people earlier that month.
"This is different in some sense because it was chlorine... but know that President Trump has been pretty vigorous in protecting the world from the use of chemical weapons," Pompeo said.
He added that the U.S. would provide an additional $4.5 million to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons to fund investigations into other instances of suspected Syrian chemical-weapons use.
Pompeo also called on the Assad government to release thousands of unjustly detained prisoners, including American journalist Austin Tice, who has been missing and presumed held by the government for seven years.
He is just one of a number of American citizens held in Syria and we call upon the Syrian regime to release them all.
Uber overhauls app in quest to build 'operating system for everyday life'
Uber has announced a slew of updates to its app - including consolidating its food delivery and ride-hailing services, and a new feature highlighting local public transportation options - in a bid to create "an operating system for everyday life."
That's why we are working to make sure every customer is treated like a VIP, every driver and courier feels like a valued partner, and every city feels like we're a good citizen.
In addition to platform integrations and Uber Eats changes, Uber made a number of safety updates to the app.
Riders will now use a four-digit PIN to verify they are entering the correct car.
The changes come after Uber was sued for $10m in April by a woman who was sexually assaulted by her driver.
A CNN report last year found at least 103 Uber drivers in the US had been accused of sexually assaulting or abusing their passengers over a period of four years.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) challenged Boris Johnson's flagship policy
Treasury spokesman said: "Any decisions would be for the Chancellor to take"
The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) challenged Boris Johnson's flagship policy to lift the thresholds for both higher rate income tax and National Insurance.
Echoing criticism made by opposition parties, the think-tank also concluded most of the tax cuts would go to those on higher incomes.
The intervention will heap pressure on Mr Johnson to water down the tax-cutting commitment he made during the Tory leadership campaign, which he is gambling on to be a big vote winner when a general election is called.
Mr Johnson pledged to raise the threshold for paying higher rate income tax in England, Wales and Northern Ireland from £50,000 to £80,000.
He said he wanted to help the "huge numbers" of middle income households which have been dragged into paying the 40 per cent higher rate of tax.
In its report, the IFS said the PM's proposed tax cut would cost the Treasury up to £9billion a year if introduced immediately and would take 2.5million people out of paying 40 per cent higher rate tax.
Mr Johnson has also outlined plans to raise the point at which National Insurance kicks in, currently set at £8,632.
The IFS calculated that every £1,000 rise in the threshold would cost £4billion if they were increased in tandem.
Increasing all the thresholds to £12,500 in line with the personal allowance for income tax would cost £17billion a year, it warned.
The report said only 3 per cent of gains would go to the poorest 20 per cent of households as so many do not earn enough to pay national insurance, or are unemployed.
Antonio Brown says he's not quite ready for retirement
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now."
He was released by the New England Patriots last week after playing only one game.
He's been dumped by three teams in the last six months.
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine
The territory is the first jurisdiction in Australia to recognize animal sentience.
"Modern animal welfare is about considering how an animal is coping both mentally and physically with the conditions in which it lives," ACT City Service Minister Chris Steel, who secured the bill, said in a media release.
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare
Glyphosate is the key ingredient in Monsanto's weedkiller, Roundup.
Neumann Kaffee Gruppe (NKG), one of the world's largest traders, said glyphosate was one of a number of substances it monitored on the coffee it buys.
"This is not a new process, we are just reinforcing controls," the spokesperson told CNN Business.
Nestle last year agreed a deal to sell Starbucks' packaged coffees and teas around the world.
Does glyphosate cause cancer?
Scientists at an environmental advocacy group with links to the organic food industry say several popular breakfast cereals contain doses of the chemical that are higher than they consider safe for children.
Earlier this year, a jury ordered Bayer to pay a California couple $2 billion in damages after they claimed that Roundup, used on their property for more than three decades, had given them both Non-Hodgkin lymphoma within four years of one other.
Somalia is "the perfect example of the success of the multilateral system," President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed told the UN General Assembly on Thursday, while acknowledging that the Horn of Africa country still needed international and regional support and cooperation, particularly to deal with threats from Al-Shabab.
Somalia's progress towards reconstruction was moving ahead, but Mr. Mohamad said "one cannot remain deaf and blind" to pockets of global discontent and the effects of poverty, inequality and unfair globalization.
He noted that Somalia played a leading role in the socio-economic development of the Horn of Africa and expressed confidence that cooperation among countries in the region would only strengthen political stability and social and cultural connectivity.
And while he called Somalia "historic" example of reform, resilience and commitment to progress and reconstruction, he cautioned that despite tangible progress, the country still faced many challenges, first and foremost those related to security, on which "everything depends."
"With the help of our international partners, we are striving to rid ourselves of the last pockets of violent extremism and terrorism," he said, stressing that the task would not be easy, especially given the "violence, cowardice and opportunistic guerilla tactics of Al Shabab."
But Mr. Mohamed said he is confident that with the help of the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) and other partners, his country will regain stability, which was in the interest of the region and the world.
Turning to one of the key issues before Member States, climate change, he said Somalia which had the longest coastline on the African continent, was already experiencing the effects of rising waters and temperatures.
Mr. Mohamed reiterated his commitment to the Paris Agreement, but also to Security Council resolution 751 (1992), which called on all States to take the necessary measures to prevent the direct and indirect import and export of Somali coal.
NEW YORK (AP) - Jennifer Lopez and Shakira are going to bring the heat to the 2020 Pepsi Super Bowl Halftime Show.
"It doesn't get any bigger than this!
So excited about getting on that #SuperBowlLIV #PepsiHalftime stage!" Shakira wrote.
Lopez released her multi-hit debut in 1999 and topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart with songs like "If You Had My Love," "All I Have" and the remixes of "I'm Real" and "Ain't It Funny."
Lopez recently wrapped up a tour to celebrate her 50th birthday, and her latest movie, "Hustlers," has been a box-office hit and has even earned her Oscar buzz.
The singer topped the Hot 100 chart with the Wyclef Jean-assisted anthem "Hips Don't Lie."
"These two remarkable artists are setting a new precedent for what this show can become, and we're confident that this will be an incredible performance for the ages," Todd Kaplan, Pepsi's vice president of marketing, said in a statement.
Jay-Z's Roc Nation company is co-producing the halftime show.
Croke Park's Central Hearings Committee (CHC) upheld the suspension proposed by the Central Competitions Control Committee (CCCC) following incidents during an Under-15 inter-county game between Tyrone and Down on 27 July.
Devlin, who works alongside Tyrone boss Mickey Harte, didn't accept the punishment proposed by the CCCC and chose to request a hearing in front of the CHC, who found the alleged infraction proven.
Former Tipperary hurler Eoin Brislane has been suspended for a total of 16 weeks arising from an incident in Tipp's Under-15 Arrabawn Hurling Tournament match with Wexford on 31 August.
The CCCC had proposed two separate bans on the grounds that Brislane had used abusive language towards a referee and for "any type of assault of a referee" under Rule 7.2 (c) of the official guide.
They found, however, that "the evidence presented did disclose a lesser infraction."
Like Devlin, Brislane can ask for his case to go before the CAC.
Harker says Fed should 'hold firm' on interest rates
Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker thinks interest rates should hold steady as events unfold in what he called a strong economy that also has "clear downside risks."
He said he views the economy as strong with inflation on its way to the Fed's 2% goal.
Players from all 55 of UEFA's national associations will look to qualify for the final tournament in London from 9-10 July, a couple of days before the final of the main European Championship at Wembley Stadium on 12 July.
Gamers will compete in Konami's eFootball Pro Evolution Soccer 2020 (PES 20) on the Playstation 4 video game console.
Between November 2019 and January 2020, each national association will nominate their team, with participants being chosen through either a domestic online or physical tournament - unless a national eFootball team already exists.
A draw will take place in January 2020.
The winner of each group and the best six runners-up will qualify for the final tournament in London.
"eFootball is played by tens of millions of people across the continent and we are delighted to give competitors from our national associations the chance to represent their country on the biggest stage," said UEFA marketing director Guy-Laurent Epstein.
Lil Wayne is up for about $150,000 in charges for allegedly creating fraudulent companies to book fake concerts and it turns out he didn't even bother to respond to the lawsuit.
According to TMZ, a judge has ordered the rapper to cough up $150K for breach of contract and fraud to investor Ramin Natan but it's a default judgment with the judge having ruled for Natan because Wayne didn't show.
The legal docs reportedly show Natan claimed he loaned $500,000 to a guy named Eric Stenger to promote Weezy shows.
Natan claimed Stenger collaborated with Wayne from the beginning and lied about being a concert promoter.
Earlier this year he threatened his former record company Moments in Time with legal action because they wouldn't return an old lyric notebook of his, instead they were trying to auction it for £189,600.
EIP has found that sources like factory farms and coal ash dumps near power plants are major sources of water pollution and have not faced EPA enforcement.
Earlier this week, Newsom said at a United Nations Climate Summit that he was "humiliated" by Trump's environmental record.
The administration has rolled back numerous environmental protections, from the Endangered Species Act to Obama-era climate rules, that Trump has called obstacles to economic development.
Last week, Trump revoked California's decades-old authority to set its own emissions standards for automobiles, prompting a lawsuit days later by California Attorney General Xavier Becerra, who has sued the administration over 60 times on various issues.
Zimbabwe: 'Poisoned' Doctor Leaves Country for Treatment
A doctor in Zimbabwe who was abducted and allegedly tortured for leading a doctors strike left the country late Thursday for what his medical team calls "urgent" treatment in South Africa.
Dr. Peter Magombeyi, acting president of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, had been receiving care in Harare for a week since his release from captivity.
Peter Magombeyi's departure for South Africa only came after the head of the High Court, George Chiweshe, chastised police who had defied a court order and blocked the doctor from leaving.
It is the duty of the police to protect the safety of all its citizens.
While Magombeyi has left Zimbabwe for medical treatment, his association says doctors are not calling off their three-week strike.
His colleagues say the outspoken doctor was abducted for calling the strike on Sept. 3 to push President Emmerson Mnangagwa's government to raise doctors' salaries, currently equal to less than $200 per month.