Father Józef Witko: I saw Jesus wearing a white robe
He is charismatic.
Large crowds come to his masses for deliverance and healing.
He was a teenager when unexplainable things started to happen in his life.
The crowds go to masses for deliverance and healing celebrated by father Witko.
The child was to be operated on.
Father Józef Witko prayed over him.
The parents cried with happiness.
The priest began to experience unusual acts of the Creator when he was a teenager.
"My body started to change.
He felt that he was lost.
A vocation was maturing in him.
Many people who are hoping to get rid of illness take part in the masses for healing celebrated by Father Witko.
First defeat of Kolping FRAC Jarosław
Today (26th September this year) in the afternoon the Kolping FRAC team was deservedly defeated at home by the current champion of Poland, Bogoria Grodzisk.
The team from Jarosław in such personal line-up as presented against the team from Grodzisk, have a faint chance to defeat any league dominators.
It has been clearly shown by the duel with Darton Bogoria.
The team still misses the proclaimed team leader, Chen Jingqi.
Maybe if he were on the line-up, the team from Jarosław would win for the third time in a row in the new season.
The competitor from Hellada was the biggest star of the duel at the MOSiR hall at ul. Sikorskiego in Jarosław.
Both in the clash with Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei he showed a class by himself.
Kou Lei easily outplayed Marek Badowski, while Daniel Górak after a 5-set exciting fight – Pavel Sirucek.
Why?
"The money is ours, we have money allocated for this.
The government position here is very strange, which I do not understand" concluded Rafał Trzaskowski.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break off any previous arrangements
"We will reject the entire plan completely," Abbas threatened emphatically.
After the elections of September 17, Netanyahu, the former prime minister of Israel, was again entrusted with the task of forming a government.
During the UN General Assembly session, 84-year old Abbas also promised to hold general elections on Palestinian soil.
The last one took place in 2006.
In his speech, Abbas also defended the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer at the UN, to exercise the rights of "full members of the UN and all its bodies and institutions."
However, as noted by press agencies, Danon did not refer to the annexation of the occupied Palestinian territories promised by Netanyahu.
Paramedics want to place defibrillators in critical locations of Przemyśl.
On 28th August they were on duty at the Poland-Ukraine border crossing in Medyka. An officer of the Customs-Tax Service noticed an unconscious man lying in the pedestrian traffic zone.
A Chinese activist dies in detention due to torture.
What was the cause of death – nobody revealed.
In the mortuary Cao saw that her husband’s body was massacred beyond recognition.
The National Centre for Research and Development announced the results of the 3rd edition of GameINN programme.
The NCBR received 87 applications for the total subsidy amount of ca. 317 million PLN.
Not just an ordinary one, because it was worth 70 thousand euros.
The furious Dane did not appear at the training the following day explaining his absence by stomach problems.
According to AFP Diaby-Fadiga eventually owned up to the theft.
This season he played in seven matches.
By now it has begun disciplinary proceedings against the player.
Check if you have washed your hands properly
Most of us wash them for a shorter time!
All we need is just warm water and plain soap – it is not true that it has to be antibacterial (in fact, many doctors advise against using it).
When washing them, we should rub not only the palm and back of the hand but also fingertips (joined or each one individually) – rub them in circular motions against the second hand palm; the spaces between fingers (interlace hands, rub fingers against each other); thumbs – embrace each thumb with the second hand and rub it right and left for a moment.
President of Iran says he refused the proposal of talks with the US, Donald Trump denies
Rowhani: Iran will not enter into negotiations under the tremendous pressure.
President of Iran said he refused to enter into the negotiations because of the "toxic atmosphere".
Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that it was him who refused the request from Iran.
Of course, I said no", tweeted the US President.
Tension in terms of the nuclear agreement
HRUBIESZÓW: Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem
We’ve got entrance tickets for you!
Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem perform on 6th October at 4 p.m. at the Community Centre in Hrubieszów.
Kabaret pod Wyrwigroszem will present a programme entitled "Tra ta ta ta".
The programme will include a talk on alcoholic beverages and geothermal facility of Toruń.
Tickets are PLN 60 each, they are available at HDK as well as at biletowakasa.pl website.
Free entry tickets for TZ readers.
It is very probable that they will get it all their own way.
The police didn’t lift a finger to secure the devices of persons who were pointed out by Judge Waldemar Żurek as the stalkers in his February’s report.
If there is no evidence – there is no Szmydt case, nor case of "Caste".
There is no case of the Supreme Audit Office’s executive – Marian Banaś – over renting a tenement building to pimps and failing to disclose his incomes.
The whole story reminds me of a film novella, probably an American one, when a wife comes home and finds her husband with his lover in bed.
The husband makes the bed.
When the wife regains her voice she shouts "what is it?
The husband calmly asks "what woman, darling?".
It is just that the case of "Caste" or Banaś is a parody of the state.
And it is not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Agreement Signed with Chartered Auditor to Audit Financial Statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza S.A. would like to inform that on 27 September 2019 it executed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z o.o., with its registered seat in Poznań, ul. Czartoria 1/1, entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court Poznań – Nowe Miasto i Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register under KRS 0000540136, entered in the list of entities authorised to audit financial statements under 3992.
Kamila Lićwinko in the final high jump competition
She managed to reach 1,94 in the third attempt only.
"I am happy.
The top competitors were Vashti Cunnigham from the US, Karyma Demidik from Belarus, both 1,94.
Both women were the only ones not to lose any high.
Start 7.30 pm (Polish time)
Kornel Moawiecki is staying at hospital and his condition is serious
It should be added that he is conscious and alert.
We all pray for his recovery" an anonymous person close to Kornel Morawiecki said in a talk with Super Express journalists.
In January Super Express informed that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki got to the Military Hospital in Wrocław for tests.
It turned out that I had jaundice.
A few days later in the hospital of Ministry of Internal Affairs and Administration Kornel Morawiecki underwent serious surgery.
I am giving myself into the hands of specialist doctors who are rather optimistic.
Kraków: 14-year old missing
Anyone with information about the missing person is asked to contact the police.
She was last seen at ul. Stary Gościniec in Kraków.
Nel Stokłosa is 14, 167 cm tall, has blond hair and grey-blue eyes.
She was last seen wearing a blouse, grey trousers and shoes.
Anyone with information about the missing person is asked to contact the police at 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616, 112 or 997.
The Jump Power in Oława.
The title of the account of the amateur sports competition held at the hippodrome at Oleandry Street in Oława on Sunday afternoon on 15 September can be considered misleading.
The competition was joined by eight horsewomen who practice in the horse riding club in Oława.
In the first group, the best result was achieved by Nikola Szołdra on crazy "Sprinter".
The second place in pony jumps was taken by Amelia Pawlak on "Fama" and the third by Lena Boruń on "Harmider".
Paulina Szewczyk on "Deklaracja" and Anastazja Abramenko on "Lotka" experienced falls which seemed dangerous.
Luckily, neither the horsewomen nor the horses experienced anything else than minor contusions so they continued to compete.
Weronika Łuczkiewicz had a lot of problems bringing her young mare "Wineta" to the course.
What was required was the trainer’s assistance or another horse which was followed by slightly crazy "Wineta".
After it overcame an obstacle, it left the course galloping at full speed so it was dangerous in the stalls and in the horse relaxation hall at times. "Everything is in hand!", Jan Sienkiewicz reassured the spectators, especially the youngest, who were a bit frightened with that.
In a while, however, also Paulina Szewczyk on "Deklaracja", Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastazja Abramenko on "Lotka" achieved that height.
This meant all competitors came together for the decoration and collection of prizes in the form of horse riding equipment and eventually, together with the pony riding girls, they had an eye-catchy victory lap to the march by Radecky, ending those interesting and thrilling competition.
Acknowledgements
The Horseriding Club "W siodle" would like to thank the sponsors of the power jump competition during XVI "Tęczowe Zawody Jeździeckie", namely: The Municipal Office in Oława, the Power Supply and Wastewater Discharge Company in Oława, the Poviat Starost’s Office and "Mustang".
Before election Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubik or Paweł Kukiz, no such coalition was established and KWW Patriotyczna Rewolucja Maxa Kolonko did not manage to collect a sufficient number of signatures to set an electoral roll in any constituency in Poland.
"I will be expecting KWW to remove my surname from its name.
"We are fed up with politicians, fed up with their proud tricks, fed up with all their amateur rules.
Late July Kolonko posted on his social media profile information suggesting that #R is going to join forces with Kukiz'15 movement.
"The FX rate for euro will stay near the ceiling of PLN 4.35 in the months to come which will be accompanied by poor economic situation on global markets",Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management announces.
The Bundeswehr is losing weapons.
A confidential report by German Federal Ministry of Defence
Since the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr has recorded the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 weapon parts and 19,445 rounds of ammunition, according to a confidential report prepared at the German Federal Ministry of Defence.
This information was revealed by the press controlled by the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND) media group.
According to a document from the parliamentary office of Secretary of State at the Ministry of Defence, Peter Tauber (CDU), so far two weapons, one weapon part and 3,474 pieces of ammunition have been traced.
In addition, 30 MG3 machine gun barrels are missing.
Vice-chairman of the Left Party, Martina Renner, expressed her concern about the situation.
As she told RND journalists, the number of missing weapons and ammunition rounds is "appalling".
Martina Renner summarised the effects of these actions as a "miserable result".
She also criticised the fact that the report does not indicate whether it contains any of the weapons found during the investigation conducted against Bundeswehr Lieutenant Franco A. In December 2017, the federal prosecutor’s office in Karlsruhe accused him of preparing a serious act of violence bringing threat to national security and violating the provisions of the act on regulating access to firearms.
His "blacklist" of targets, which the prosecutor’s office got its hands on, included the then Minister of Justice Heiko Maas of SPD, Claudia Roth of the Green Party and Anetta Kahane, defender of human rights and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally came into possession of four pieces of firearm, over 1,000 pieces of ammunition and over 50 explosives.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution.
BBC reports that the lines have already informed about the imperfections of that solution.
As one could expect, the idea has divided the Internet users.
They are children, we also used to be them.
Another Internet user noticed that he used to be disturbed by crying babies, but he changed his mind when he became parent himself.
There is also no shortage of supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
This situation was experienced e.g. by several dozens tourists from Poland.
The daily reminds the British bankrupt cooperated with 42 hotels on this Balearic Island.
According to the data of the Balearic Islands government, Thomas Cook is EUR 5 million in arrears with respect to the local tour operators for the performance of agreements in the period of July to September 2019.
Poland still ranks 29th, whilst the USA tops the list
The Poland women’s national team still ranks 29th in the International Federation of Association Football (FIFA) rankings published on Friday.
Coach Miłosz Stępiński’s team was classified in the same position in the previous league table from July.
The Poles are preparing for the UEFA Euro qualifying tournament.
It was about to start on 3 September with an away game with the Czechs.
In this situation, the Poles will begin their qualifications with a match against the Spanish on 12 November in Lublin.
Before that the White and Reds will play two friendlies – one away to Cyprus on 3 October, and five days later against Brazil in Kielce.
The Poles’ group rivals are the national teams of Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan, and Moldova.
The other six runners-up will compete in the play-offs for the last three spots to the European Championship.
The round of 16 participants will be complemented by the host nation – England.
The Polish men’s national team dropped in the September FIFA’s rankings from 20th to 22nd place.
Rz: Smog crushed the authorities
"Effects of the Clean Air programme are negligible, and coal stoves will smoke this winter as if nothing happened," we read on the cover of today’s Rzeczpospolita.
"To date, 82k applications worth PLN 2 billion have been submitted under the Clean Air programme, of which 48k received positive decisions.
The newspaper assesses the results of the boisterously announced programme as "modest".
This would improve the efficiency of the activities," Jacek Wiśniowski, mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński, believes.
Błaszczak: Now price negotiations
The contract for the Polish F-35
The Polish Air Force will be provided eventually with 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters produced by Lockheed Martin corporation.
According to information provided by the Department of State, Poland is supposed to pay 6.5 billion dollars for the combat aircraft.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology the fighter is undetectable to short-range radars.
Recently Belgium has bought the F-35 fighters as part of the contract worth 4.55 billion dollars.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
Barbie manufacturer released a gender neutral line of dolls
Barbie manufacturer released a gender neutral line of dolls.
Typical gender characteristics are no longer emphasised – the gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes, slim waists or, in Ken’s case, broad shoulders.
The company believes that children do not like it when gender norms are imposed on their dolls, while some parents and feminists are convinced that dolls made with a specific gender in mind hamper the ambitions of girls and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
The Barbie doll, first launched in 1959 in a swimsuit and high heels, has often been criticised in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes", such as unnatural body proportions.
Hijab-wearing Barbie dolls have also been introduced.
Zandberg, asked in Radio ZET how many candidates of his party can get to the Sejm from the leftist parties (KW SLD, whose lists comprise the candidates from SLD, Wiosna and Lewica Razem, with a common logo of the "Left Wing"), replied this depended on the election committee’s result.
But this depends on Polish women and men.
I am not going to guess and say how it is going to happen", he said.
Asked if the major beneficiary of the common start is the SLD Leader, Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied he believed the major beneficiaries were the Center-left and Leftist electors.
In response to the comment that SLD would get the whole grant, he said "the political party’s objective is to represent its electors".
In that period, apart from Ujazdowski, the other candidates include the leader of Obywatele RP Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from PiS.
The facility has been built by the Mouride Brotherhood, part of the Sufi strand of Islam that dominates in Senegal.
The mosque has a capacity of 15 thousand worshippers inside, and another 15 thousand on the exterior esplanade.
In the lavishly finished interiors one can marvel over a gold-plated dome, giant chandeliers and decorations hand made by Moroccan workers.
In Morocco, the Hassan II mosque in Casablanca can accommodate 105,000 worshippers.
Coach Smyła: Our problem is not Śląsk, only ourselves
"Our problem is not the players from Wrocław, only ourselves, we have to work on the way we play," emphasised Mirosław Smyła, coach of the Kielce team.
The last, and so far only victory in the league that Korona’s players recorded in the first round came when they defeated an expansion team Raków Częstochowa 1–0.
Later on, the Kielce team recorded two ties and six losses, and on Tuesday they lost their match with Zagłębie Lubin 0–1 in the round of 32 of the Polish Cup.
"It makes me optimistic that in the last seconds of the cup match, the players fought for a goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall on the turf after the last whistle was not due to an emotional crisis, it just showed their anger as they were so close," said Smyła.
As he pointed out, Śląsk has very strong wingers, that is why he will remind the team to play with width on the field.
It was encouraging that a few players were willing to play during the cup match.
"We have a headache, recently it had seemed like we wouldn’t have it, but we have it now," Smyła stated.
"We are a good team.
After nine rounds of the Ekstraklasa, Korona has five points and is in 15th place.
The match will start at 8:30 p.m. on Friday in Kielce.
Chestnut, and mountain-ash trees are at the top of the list.
It was drawn up by experts, whose research established that of the 454 tree species in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42% have "a high risk of extinction".
Grzegorz Schetyna: I will not promise 600+
In his opinion, "all of PiS politics is fakery".
In his interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz, Schetyna assures that he knows how to defeat the Law and Justice party.
He believes that the opposition has more potential in this respect than Kaczyński’s party.
In his interview for Rz Schetyna also said that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"Pride comes before a fall.
Kaczyński is just as much a statesman as Banaś is a crystal-clear person," he added.
Argentina: Six Andean condors found dead
The animals could have eaten a toxic carcass.
Rz: They want a jewel for the president
Works have been initiated to award the head of the state with a precious chain.
The idea was approved by Andrzej Duda’s office, we read in Rzeczpospolita.
As explained by the daily, it is a chain of the Order of the White Eagle, a royal insignia officially referred to as the jewel of the Republic of Poland in the interwar period.
It was last used probably by President Ignacy Mościcki.
On Wednesday, the Senate Committee for Human Rights, Rule of Law and Petitions passed the motion to start work on amending the Orders and Decorations Act in order to restore it.
The daily reports this is not the first attempt at restoring this chain to the head of the state.
This time the works are lightning fast.
On Wednesday, the matter was continued by the Senate committee and, again, little time was devoted to it.
"The Chancellery of the President responded briefly: it is in favour of restoring it," said Robert Mamątow of PiS, head of the committee, cited by Rz.
The police action will be organized e.g. at the crossroad of al. Cieplińskiego and al. Piłsudskiego.
This issue was somehow taken over by Rzeszów police officers who are starting the action "Przejezdne skrzyżowania" today.
What is it about?
Those who do it can get a fine of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points.
Among others, ul. Lisa-Kuli with ul. Jagiellońska; al. Cieplińskiego and al. Piłsudskiego; ul. Targowa with al. Piłsudskiego; Plac Śreniawitów with ul. Dąbrowskiego or ul. Hetmańska with al. Powstańców Warszawy.
Inspection of a waste treatment company cooperating with "Czajka"
"On Friday, the Wołomin District Starosty Environmental Protection Department, and officials from the Poviat Construction Supervision Inspectorate assessed the facility located in the Zielonka gmina in which waste from the Varsovian "Czajka" sewage treatment plant is treated," said Karol Szyszko, spokesman for Wołomin Starosty.
Inspectors from Wołomin Starosty assessed the plant located in the woods of the Zielonka gmina.
Following the Mazowieckie Voivodship Inspectorate of Environmental Protection inspection, Dariusz Sobota has been ordered to put an end to the breaches recorded in the decision.
Private trading and transport company "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies that collects waste in the form of stabilised municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" sewage treatment plant.
In accordance with the decision to carry out waste utilisation in mine workings, waste weighing up to 60,000 tonnes is processed per year in the forests near Zielonka.
Lech Wałęsa supports Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have undertaken a difficult task and you can count on my full support" said Lech Wałęsa on Friday to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met on Friday with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office in the European Solidarity Centre in Gdańsk.
In a short closed-door meeting participated Wałęsa’s son – Jarosław.
"You have undertaken a difficult task" , said Lech Wałęsa after the meeting.
"The problems Poland faces are known to all of us.
Therefore we greatly hope that you as a woman will manage the problems,, and we all – the ones who love Poland – will support your actions as strongly as we can", said former president, addressing to Kidawa-Błońska.
Kidawa-Błońska expressed her thanks for the support.
You were doing your revolution that way and we want to change Poland that way’, emphasised Kidawa-Błońska.
Retired fan
Wałęsa in a talk with journalists has said that now he is "just a retired fan".
The separation of powers is crucial, constitution is crucial, courts are absolutely necessary.
And all this has to be cleaned, all this has to be reclaimed and I do believe that we are going to make it.
Because if not, we will be facing a street criterium" said Lech Wałęsa.
And this is crucial", added Kidawa-Błońska.
"We have to build foundations anew"
When asked about the most important changes Poland should face, Kidawa-Błońska replied: "Mr President aid it very well.
Men's European Volleyball Championship: Slovenia – Poland 3:1 in the semi-final.
The White and Reds lost 1:3 and will play for the bronze.
The Senate decided on key acts
The Senate passed the act on disclosure of assets belonging to the families of key state officials and on the flights of key state officials without any amendments.
52 senators voted in favour of the amendment of the act on assets belonging to family members of state officials, with 14 voting against and three abstaining from voting.
The Senate did not propose any amendments to the act on flights of key state officials as well.
55 senators voted in favour of the act in its unamended form; 12 senators were against and four abstained.
A new sports plenipotentiary
Waldemar Paluch has appointed his plenipotentiary for physical culture, sports and tourism.
Photo Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has been recently deeply involved in the project of reactivating basketball in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous person in the circle of sport in Jarosław.
The graduate of the School of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska has been an instructor at the State Higher School of Technology and Economics in Jarosław since 2002, and he has been a chairman for 15 years.
Following their first training session in Paris, the Poles now wait for their last rival
The path to the title was blocked for Vital Heynen’s charges owing to their 1-3 defeat on Thursday against the Slovenians in Ljubljana.
There have been a lot of media reports about their troubles travelling to this clash.
It was about spending that time together rather than training.
"We were brutally brought down to earth.
We’re disappointed, there’s no doubt about it.
We still believed we would go back to that match.
In this respect, the Slovenians were much better than us," he said.
The last time we won the medal during the European Championship was back in 2011," he recalled.
Nick Kyrgios: a harsh but suspended punishment
Loud swearing, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike conduct, insulting a judge and the audience, breaking two rackets during a defeat against Karen Khachanov – all rule breaches for which he paid 113,000 dollars following August’s ATP Masters 1000 tournaments in Cincinnati.
However, the ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed execution of the sentence, ordering him to meet several conditions during the following six months: during the ATP Tour, and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments Kyrgios may no longer in any way violate the professional tennis players’ code of conduct, particularly he may not swear, destroy rackets, quarrel with judges or the audience, or otherwise behave obscenely or vulgarly.
Nick Kyrgios’s first comment (in the social media) on the verdict was as follows: "Hi everybody, I can still play.
Kyrgios is in 27th place in the ATP rankings.
Central Statistical Office: level of life in Poland constantly rising
According to the report on the household budget that was published by the Central Statistical Office on Friday, as many as 44 percent of households regard their financial situation as good or rather good.
More than 70 percent of survey participants perceive it as good or rather good.
The effect of the 500+ programme is merely reflected in those statistics.
What is more, on the level of voivodeships there is no exact correlation between the level of income and the evaluation of the financial situation in households.
The citizens of the Lubuskie voivodeship (47,7 percent) are next, followed by the Silesian voivodeship (47,6 percent), Masovia voivodeship (47,3 percent) and the Western Pomerania voivodeship (47,1 percent).
In 2016 the income per person grew by 7 percent and one year later by 6,3 percent.
In 2017 the spendings per person grew realistically by 1,9 per cent and in 2016 by 4,3 per cent.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a see-through blouse
Unfortunately, her look was not a good one.
As a journalist, she has worked with TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport, and TVP2.
The initiatives she manages include "Network of Entrepreneurial Women", "Business Women's Box", "The Congress of Women Association", and "Make Up Buisness".
The event was also attended by Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura, and Beata Chmielowska-Olech.
She wore a black blouse with a white bra visible underneath.
USA: Three suicides among aircraft carrier crew
The previous suicide occurred in July this year, with the previous one taking place in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Third party involvement has been ruled out as of yet.
Moreover, the deaths are said to have been unrelated.
Niesiołowski critically about the Pope.
In the opinion of former PO politician the Church is a PiS ally.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow we are celebrating the 590th anniversary of the poviat
First, at 10 a.m. at St Nicholas Church begins a holy mass.
Youth from the 1st Stanisław Staszic High school will present a play entitled "Hrubieszów Poviat: This is where I am from – this is where I live".
Then "Medals of Merit for the Hrubieszów Poviat" will be awarded.
At 4:00 p.m. the event will move to the town promenade, where concerts "Hrubieszów in charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will take place.
PZPN gives away penalties for stadium fights.
Gryf disqualified
There was a close shave away from tragedy during the Cup of Poland clash between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk when a flare launched by Wejherowo fans passed millilitres away from the opposite team goal keeper, Zlatan Alomerovic.
After the incident the match was interrupted for 20 minutes.
The PZPN (Polish Football Association) commission gave Gryf a severe penalty excluding it from next year’s matches.
They will also be disallowed to make group trips to league matches until 31st December.
Fights at the Widzew Łódź stadium were triggered by Śląsk Wrocław fans.
In spite of this, the forces did not prevent from throwing flares to the sector of fans from Łódź, burning chairs and attacking the sector of home fans.
PZPN punished Śląsk a single stadium ban for the next Polish Cup match and banned to organise match trips in this and next Polish Cup edition.
The ban for group trips covered also the league matches of Extraklasa, however in this case it would last until 31st December.
The implementation of the amendment to the act of the Minister of Infrastructure on, among others, writing the names of foreign cities in the Polish version as well has been started in Subcarpathia.
E. g. "Lwów" will appear near "L'viv".
Total costs of this investment?
PLN 200 thousand
How will this idea be implemented?
Feel the game with Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
The self-adjusting headband allows for seamless and accurate accommodation.
The set has been valued at €219,99.
Someone has shot a swan with an air gun
In a pond in Zameczno, Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan suffering wing problems.
After catching it and taking it to a vet it turned out that someone used the animal as a shooting target – an air gun pellet was found in its body.
"Information on the injured bird received the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Centre from Nowa Sól.
The report showed that the animal had broken wings.
The swan was caught and took to a vet.
Already the first x-ray revealed that someone used it as a shooting target.
It will spend winter in the centre.
For the time being it is unable to fly.
Releasing it now would make it probably incapable of surviving winter" adds Walasek.
The staff after completing swan rehabilitation intend to release it in spring to the very same pond.
The authority of Żukowice community upon receiving the information on the reason for animal’s bad condition intends to notify the public prosecutor’s office about the case.
The event took place in Zameczno.
The tax was to be in force from September 2016.
In September 2016, the EC initiated proceedings concerning the violation of the EU law by Poland.
Next, it decided the levy was implemented illegally.
Poland did not agree with that stance, but the tax collection was suspended.
"Such proceedings take one year on average", an informer in the Court of Justice in Luxembourg told PAP.
How to dress a baby for a baptism?
Here are some practical tips.
It is very often the first occasion at which the whole family gathers around the baby to celebrate her/him.
No wonder that the new mom and dad want their child to look perfect on this day.
It was not until recently that toddlers who were just several weeks old were baptized in white sets, lying in the same cradles or huge pillows.
Nowadays it is often older children who get baptized: they may be several months, one year old or even older.
Even though these clothes are often considered to be rather casual, you just need to find some festive variants, for example with frills or lacing.
An ideal solution for a boy is a bodysuit with an imprinted bow-tie and braces.
In case of older children you can allow yourself for more fantasy.
Delicate, tulle skirts, satin dresses, lances, appliques and cute sets will make your daughter look beautiful and feel comfortable.
An ideal outfit for a young gentleman: cotton suit.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or caps often made young elegant boys show their dissatisfaction.
Quite luckily, now they were replaced by comfortable cotton costumes.
You just need to have a look at the sets available at Asanti for Kids, namely soft, tracksuit shorts and a blouse with a front vest-like pattern.
Those costumes look very elegant and at the same time do not constrain the movements of the toddler who is discovering the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz published her declaration of assets
Krystyna Pawłowicz submitted her declaration of assets at the end of the term.
The PiS MP managed to gather PLN 110 thousand in savings.
As a reminder, Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
As her terms comes to an end, she has PLN 110 thousand in the bank.
As indicated in the statement submitted by the MP, she receives a pension of PLN 4,7 thousand.
Pawłowicz has a flat worth PLN 570 thousand and another, smaller one, which she rents out for PLN 880 thousand per month.
Earlier, Jarosław Kaczyński also published his declaration of assets.
The voting about the adjournment of session for the duration of the conference held by the Conservative Party.
289 members were in favour of this idea, whereas 306 voted against it.
The government motion to make a pause in the session was supported by 289 Members of Parliament, whereas 306 were against it.
The fact that the request for a break was refused can be perceived as a political revenge of the opposition aimed at the Prime Minister Boris Johnson because of his decision to suspend the parliament for five weeks (on Friday the Supreme Court found it unlawful and considered as null and void) as well as because of the fact that after the judge decision he is not eager to apologize for it.
"It is high time to proceed with Brexit.
The conferences of the two main opposition parties, the Labour Party and Liberal Democrats, were already held.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks on Poland
"It is simply not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
It is simply not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He stressed that Duda "never said Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
Spychalski said the portal "made this up."
Who is Banaś and what is his guilt?
The tenement house rented by pimps let the journalist discover some negligences in the financial statements by Marian Banaś.
The journalists of "Superwizjer" TVN revealed that Marian Banaś, head of the Supreme Audit Office has not been mentioning the 400 metres tenement house in Krakow's district Podgórze in his financial statement during the recent years.
What is more, the subtenant is said to have run a brothel there (to rent rooms per hours).
The building itself was allegedly a security for the repayment of the credit from 2016 onwards.
It was Bertold Kittel who noticed the irregularities in the programme "Superwizjer".
The customers were probably the men using prostitutes.
Banaś's response to the allegations was vague and unclear.
The tenement house itself was described quite vaguely and the income from its rental was lowered.
"The fortune of Marian Banaś and his wife may be between PLN 6 and 8 million.
As analysed by the portal, the tenement house of Banaś itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
Central Anticorruption Bureau has been currently investigating the property statement of Marian Banaś for the years 2015–2019.
Banaś said he would suspend his work at SAO until it is finished. "I will file a motion to be granted unpaid holidays to the Marshall", he assured.
Marian Banaś is the new head of Supreme Audit Office.
In the past Banaś worked at SAO in the years 1992–2005, collaborating with Lech Kaczyński.
Such solution – the ELV8 RG8 graphics card holder – was presented by Cooler Master.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB plays an additional, decorative role.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring Policeman’s Command will be Penalized
The idea was brought to the Sejm Petition Committee.
Rzeczpospolita found out the petition written by the Independent Trade Union of Policemen concerning the amendment of the Petty Offence Code is likely to succeed.
The petition authors propose a new wording of Article 54a of the Petty Offence Code.
"Paragraph 3 of that provision mentions an identical penalty for the people who, not complying with the orders, prevent or hamper performance of an official duty", the daily says.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that although he agrees with the core message of the proposed provision, he is afraid that if it is implemented, it can be used for political manifestations.
Buras is worried about Europe.
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
His father, Josef Topol, was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today ranking among Václav Havel.
Jáchym has been predestined because of his talent from the very beginning and he is trying to make use of it.
They are wandering actors travelling across Europe.
All of them are just a background for observing the world in which there is no place left for artist nomads.
It is the world of a filthy countryside, a society of old, distrustful people and promiscuous youth.
"A sensitive person" tends to turn into a theatre full of absurd.
However, the company has problems.
According to VRT television, Brussels Airlines announced they would cancel 105 flights in October because of their problems connected with Thomas Cook bankruptcy.
At present there are ca. 12 thousand Belgians staying abroad on trips bought in Thomas Cook.
Another 40 thousand were to go with the agency by the end of the year.
Thomas Cook, the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies worldwide, announced its bankruptcy at night from Sunday to Monday.
Michał Kubiak following the game against Slovenia (1-3).
Görlitz in Germany offering free accommodation in exchange for feedback
Görlitz is Germany's most eastern city.
Beautiful pastel old city attracts 140 thousand tourists annually.
Görlitz has the lowest salaries in Germany.
In 2013 it amounted to 54 thousand people.
Two thirds of them were filed by the inhabitants of big cities.