Fire extinguished in French chemical plant
Residents had been requested not to leave their homes. Buildings in a radius of 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday. The chemical plant on the banks of the Seine manufactures additives for lubricants. The plant belongs to the company Lubrizol owned by US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the so-called Seveso Directive of the EU, which stipulates particularly strict safety requirements.
Around 400 people work at the plant. The chemical plant has made headlines in the past, for example in 2013 when methane thiol escaped through a leak and the entire area smelled of rotten eggs. In 2015, around 2,000 liters of mineral oil flowed into the city's sewer system following an industrial accident.
Woman Quits Her Job to Search for her Lost Dog for 57 Days
"It was dreadful. It made me ill," Carole King told the "Daily Inter Lake." She and her husband had left the dog Katie in the hotel room while they went to dinner. When they returned to the hotel, Katie had disappeared. They looked for their pet in vain.
Hoping that Katie was still somewhere in the hotel, Carole King went to the reception desk. "The employee said, ‘She took off around four to four-and-a-half hours ago,'" Carole King remembered when talking to the "Daily Inter Lake." Katie had run out when the automatic entry door opened. Loud thunder had presumably caused the dog to panic.
With flyers and calls in Facebook groups, the Kings searched for their beloved dog. But days turned into weeks. "I never gave up. I never lost hope," said Carole King to the "Daily Inter Lake," and quite her job as a postal worker to continue looking for Katie.
Fifty-seven days after Katie's disappearance, Carole King got a call. A man answered and said that Katie was in his yard. But when King arrived, Katie had already run off again. She searched the neighborhood and suddenly saw her dog standing under a tree. "I embraced her. I never wanted to let go," King remembered, according to the "Daily Inter Lake." "The tears flowed. People stopped their cars, got out, and hugged us. I believe the whole neighborhood knew we had found her."
Friday, September 27, 2019
According to the paper from the office of Defense State Secretary Peter Tauber of the CDU, two weapons, one weapon component, and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have resurfaced so far. The weapons and weapon components that are still missing include six MG3 machine guns, eleven G3 rifles, four G36 rifles, six signal pistols, and two P8 pistols. And 30 MG3 machine gun barrels are missing.
More than two months after its determination by the Iranian authorities, the British oil tanker ‘Stena Impero' has left the port in the city of Bandar Abbas this Friday. As Refinitiv ship observation data showed, the tanker set in motion and left the Iranian port. Port Rashid in the United Arab Emirates was given as the destination port.
New York. Tesla boss Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers. "We have the opportunity to reach 100,000 deliveries in our first quarter," Musk wrote in an email to Tesla employees published by industry blog Electrek.
Investors liked this: Tesla shares closed the day with a gain of over six percent. The price has not increased so much in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla delivered around 95,000 cars and hit its best value to date.
Musk needs records to achieve his ambitious goals. In 2019, he wants to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. The company would have to hit six-digit figures in the current and upcoming quarter to do so. The less expensive Tesla Model 3 is in particular demand, but its profit margins are low. There have been losses recently despite the boom.
Puzzle solved: This is why we cannot tickle ourselves
According to information from officials, no hazardous material has escaped. The samples taken show no reason for alarm, said prefect Pierre-André Durand at a press conference Friday morning. No one was injured during the incident. The fire department deployed around 200 fire trucks.
Schools and kindergartens were closed.
Residents were asked not to leave their homes. Buildings within a radius of 1,650 feet were evacuated, and schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday.
Plant belongs to the company Lubrizol owned by US billionaire Warren Buffett
The chemical plant on the banks of the Seine manufactures additives for lubricants. The plant belongs to the company Lubrizol owned by US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the EU's "Seveso Directive", which stipulates particularly strict safety requirements. Around 400 people work at the plant.
Brexit: Johnson criticized by own sister
Prime Minister Boris Johnson's sister commented on his speech at the first session of Parliament after the forced shutdown was lifted on Wednesday evening. The Prime Minister threatened to lead the country out of the EU without an agreement on October 31 should Brussels not accept his demands for changes to the Brexit agreement. How he wants to achieve that is yet unclear.
Speaking about Cox, who had worked to keep Britain in the European Union, the Prime Minister said: "The best way to honor the memory of Jo Cox and bring this country together would be to get Brexit done." Cox was murdered in 2016 by a right-wing extremist during the referendum vote.
A monument to attacks in Oslo and Utöya is unveiled
More than eight years after attacks in Oslo and Utöya with 77 deceased a memorial is unveiled in Norway on Saturday to honor the victims. The monument "Jernrosene" (English: the iron roses) consists of around 1,000 iron rose replicas. They are reminiscent of the roses which thousands of people brought to the Oslo Cathedral in the days and weeks after the attacks.
The project of artists Tobbe Malm and Tone Karlsrud is now to be unveiled in the same place—the roses were forged by people from all round the world, among them survivors and dependents of the victims. Prince Haakon and Princess Mette-Marit are expected to be present, amongst others, for the unveiling.
The right-wing terrorist Anders Behring Breivik had detonated a bomb in the Oslo government district on July 22nd, 2011, and then shot dozens of participants in a holiday camp on the Island of Utöya of a youth organization for the social democratic workers' party. In total 77 people were killed in the attacks.
Iran Releases British Tanker
The UN General Assembly debate brought no solution in the Iran conflict. However, there is now one less problem. The British oil tanker "Stena Impero," which had been held in Iran, was able to set sail again. It could be a piece of the puzzle in Iranian President Ruhani's plan for peace.
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero," which had been impounded in the Strait of Hormuz in Iran, is back in international waters. After being released by Iranian authorities, the ship is on its way to Dubai, according to the shipping company Stena Bulk.
The "Stena Impero" left the harbor of Bandar Abbas, and the crew is now travelling to Dubai for medical exams, among other reasons, said the shipping company's CEO Erik Hånell. The ship left Iranian waters around noon. "It's great that this is over," he said to the Swedish TV station SVT.
The British government suspects that behind the impounding of the "Stena Impero" is a reaction to a similar incident in British Gibraltar: There, a supertanker with oil from Iran that was supposedly destined for Syria was detained at the beginning of July. According to the authorities, the delivery violated EU sanctions against the warring nation of Syria. The British were notified about the ship from the USA.
The Straits of Hormuz is one of the most important sea routes in the world. In connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the world's global oil exports are shipped through this strait. The tensions in the area had been escalating immeasurably during the past few months. Merchant shipping has been drawn into the conflict between USA and Iran. There have been several incidents with tankers and drones.
India really was predestined to be the "war profiteer." In light of the punitive tariffs imposed by the American President Donald Trump against Chinese manufacturers, foreign producers in the People's Republic are forced to make new arrangements. In a UBS survey, CFOs of Asian firms that are considering relocating their production outside China name India as one of the best alternatives. And surely this involves more than the uncertainties of the Chinese-American trade war. With a giant pool of young workers and a domestic market of 1.3 billion consumers, India seems ideally situated to play a more significant role in the global, widespread production chain.
The former President of France, Jacques Chirac, will reportedly be buried in Paris during the coming weeks. The former head of state will be buried on Monday in Montparnasse Cemetery to the south of the French capital, the AFP news agency reported in reference to the Chirac family. The burial will take place within an intimate family circle. According to media reports, a public funeral in the Dôme des Invalides was set for Sunday.
He did this empathically on the evening—and much more intensely than he would have thought. Because this hero act will remain in public memory. Especially since Dabo gave his competitor Busby the finish line and volunteered for last place—a good five minutes after the Ethiopian Selemon Barega, who won this preliminary run. In the end, it was all of no use, because Busby who had been escorted to the finish line with a lot of propping up was disqualified precisely for that reason by the World Athletics Association.
Opponents of El-Sisi
The number of people arrested in connection with the protests continued to increase, according to two watch groups. The Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF) counted more than 1,570 arrests by Friday. The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR) as well as Human Rights Watch (HRW) reported more than 2,000 arrests. These figures have not yet been independently confirmed. The government did not confirm or comment on the numbers.
Arbitrary arrests
Many people had been "arrested arbitrarily just because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time," said HRW, citing the lawyers of detainees. According to their attorneys, accusations against those arrested range from "spreading false information" to membership of a "terrorist organization." In Cairo, Alexandria, and other cities, security forces, in uniform as well as civilian clothing, also arbitrarily questioned and searched passersby, according to HRW.
Online retailers: E-commerce companies should be able to donate returns more easily
Green Party leader Katrin Göring-Eckardt urged Federal Minister of Finance Olaf Scholz (SPD) to clarify by decree that companies are permitted to value unsaleable products appropriately and donate them to charitable organizations. Companies must be assured that they will not be penalized for making donations. This applies to online retail as well as other businesses such as fashion outlets and home improvement stores.
The famous work of street art star Banksy, "Devolved Parliament," is to be auctioned soon.
For Branczik, Banksy's work underscores "the regression of the oldest parliamentary democracy in the world into tribalistic animalistic behavior." Starting on Saturday, the painting is to be shown at Sotheby's in the British capital until it is sold on October 3. It is estimated to be worth 1.5 to two million euros.
The work was first shown in 2009 in the Museum of Bristol in southwest Great Britain, where Banksy lives. This year, the artist showed the painting again—on the original Brexit date of March 29. For this occasion, the work, which was first entitled "Question Time," was renamed "Devolved Parliament."
This is not the first time that Banksy, whose identity remains a secret, has gotten involved in the Brexit debate. In Dover, in southeast England, he painted a picture showing a man breaking a star of the European flag to pieces with a chisel. Every day, thousands of automobile drivers and other visitors see that work when they enter the United Kingdom.
Brexit debate is a "walk in the park"
The fierce verbal attacks of the British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against Brexit opponents in parliament did not contribute to a climate of hatred, his top advisor believes. Compared to the election before the Brexit referendum in 2016, the current controversy is a "walk in the park," said Dominic Cummings at a book launch on Friday. "We are enjoying this. We are going to leave [the EU] and we are going to win."
In recent days, Johnson has vehemently attacked Brexit opponents in parliament and accused them of "betraying" the people, among other things. He dismissed as "humbug" accusations that he could be putting members of parliament in danger because they could then become the target of death threats.
In view of the charged mood, even bishops of the Anglican Church called for restraint on Friday. "We should speak to others with respect. And we should also listen."
Pakistan's Prime Minister Khan demands UN intervention in Kashmir
Not even a bottle of water
Today, one third of Egyptian citizens live below the poverty line. Since 2016, Egypt's currency has lost more than half of its value, and the inflation rate has climbed to 10 percent. Anyone who wants to purchase a bottle of water at the supermarket must decide who they want to finance: Nestlé, Coca Cola, or the military. The latter is not only responsible for the oppression but is also the largest economic player. The military builds streets, houses, and soccer stadiums, produces food, and much more. That was also the case before el-Sisi. The Egyptian people have a great deal of experience with authoritative regimes, and the situation in the supermarket is nothing new. Things always become critical when large segments of the population struggle to buy even a bottle of water.
After large-scale Tüv tests in the Terminal of the future metropolitan airport, the operators have confirmed the planned opening in October of next year. This is certain, said supervisory board chief Rainer Bretschneider after a meeting of the control panel.
Because the amounts of passengers in Berlin have risen noticeably since then, those responsible are planning an expansion of the airport. For this reason, there is a special meeting of the supervisory board planned on October 18th, the Chairman Bretschneider announced.
The airport company is now looking for two new business directors. Finance boss Heike Fölster is changing to Deutschen Bahn next year, Personnel manager Manfred Bobke-von Camen retires next year, as Bretschneider informed us. He thanked Fölster. She put airport finances on a firm footing.
AUA Takes Over Eurowings Flights From Vienna
The Lufthansa Group is radically changing its strategy for the Vienna Airport. Amid the price war with budget airlines such as Lauda, Wizz Air, EasyJet, and Level, the Lufthansa subsidiary AUA is taking on "the commercial management of all Eurowings flights leaving Vienna," a press officer from Austrian Airlines confirmed to the APA on Friday. "AviationNetOnline" had made previous reports to that end.
This will de facto dissolve the Vienna base of the Lufthansa budget airline Eurowings. Of the seven Eurowings flights currently existing, four will remain in Vienna. Beginning in January 2020, the AUA will take these over in a "wet lease," which includes Eurowings personnel. In the future, three Eurowings jets will be stationed in Salzburg, which will fly from Salzburg and Innsbruck to vacation destinations as chartered planes. Routes from Vienna to Germany will be taken over by Eurowings Deutschland.
As AviationNetOnline writes, Eurowings in Vienna still serves only as a "production company" for its sister company AUA. For example, Barcelona, Rome, and other cities would be served with an AUA flight number, but primarily with Eurowings machines. Although the board product will be adapted to that of Austrian Airlines, the pilots and flight attendants will come from Eurowings. The Eurowings flights starting under AUA flight numbers will reportedly no longer begin in Terminal 1, but in Terminal 3 like the AUA.
Queen's granddaughter Princess Beatrice is engaged
Beatrice, Eugenie, William, and Harry: These cousins were best friends as children. Now the last of the four is getting married. Beatrice is engaged!
Sister Eugenie snapped the photos
Her sister, Princess Eugenie (29), took the official engagement photos, and also published them on her Instagram account.
A royal celebration
One thing is certain, however: The wedding of the ninth in line to the British throne and the real estate mogul will be a celebration as large as Eugenie's marriage to Jack Brooksbank (33) on October 12, 2018.
Smoking, being overweight, unhealthy diet—there are risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. But what actually triggers heart failure or a heart attack? Hamburg researchers now want to take a precise look at the DNA of 9,000 healthy and sick people.
The research project is the largest of its kind in the German-speaking world, announced the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) on Friday. The Kühne Foundation is supporting the initiative with €12.5 million. In Switzerland, the Hochgebirgsklinik Davos Hospital, which belongs to the foundation, and the University Hospital of Zurich are participating.
Chairman of the Kühne Foundation, Klaus-Michael Kühne (82), also stressed the firm intention to use the data to study other diseases also. The foundation's clinic in Davos has primarily treated allergies to date. The medical campus there will now include a Center for Cardiovascular Precision Medicine and employ a professor of bioinformatics. Explaining his commitment to the project, the logistics entrepreneur, who lives in Switzerland, said that he had open-heart surgery three years ago in Hamburg and is very grateful.
In Nigeria, the police freed more than 300 mistreated and abused boys from a Quran school. According to information from local residents, security forces searched the school in the town of Kaduna in northern Nigeria and discovered the victims, some of whom were still minors, according to police spokesman Yakubu Sabo. "The victims were mistreated. Several of them claimed to have been raped by teachers", stated Sabo.
Chained and tortured: Nigeria's police releases 400 children from school
Police in a school in the north of Nigeria have freed almost 400 students from horrific circumstances. "Many of them were chained up and had visible injuries indicating torture," said police representative Yakubu Sabo in the city of Kaduna.
Soccer "Signature not valid"
Jürgen Klopp, Lionel Messi and Megan Rapinoe honored
But further inconsistencies are now emerging after Nicaragua's captain had expressed that he had not voted at all: Egypt claims that the votes by national coach Hossam El-Badry and captain Mohamed Salah were not taken into account. In fact, they did not appear in the official and publicly available voting overview.
There has also been an outcry from Sudan regarding the awards. While the situation is understandable in Egypt's case, the Sudanese association claims that coach Zdravko Lugarisic did not vote the way it was ultimately scored: with Lionel Messi in first place, Virgil van Dijk in second and Sadio Mané in third. According to Fifa, however, this was the submitted vote, with signatures and the official stamp of the Sudanese association.
Scott stated he was not surprised by the discoveries. It was revealed that during the telephone call, Trump had repeatedly urged the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the activities of democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. Scott stated that Trump had been watching Biden "for years".
There is no exact schedule regarding the impeachment procedure. The Democrats could call for impeachment due to holding the majority in the House of Representatives. However, the decision regarding an actual removal from office would be made in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans hold the majority. Therefore, such a procedure has low chances of success. To date, no US President has been removed from office through an impeachment procedure.
Were torturers on board Rackete's Sea Watch?
The German captain, Carola Rackete (31), was arrested in June after she made an unpermitted stop in the port of Lampedusa with the rescue ship Sea Watch 3 and 53 Libyan refugees on board. Following fierce protests and international criticism—including from Austrian President Alexander van der Bellen—her house arrest was lifted by Italian judges after just a few days.
There are now new serious allegations against Rackete. She may have helped the three men, who are accused of torture at Libyan refugee camps, enter Italy on the Sea Watch 3. The suspects were taken into custody at a reception center in Messina (Sicily) after migrants recognized their torturers in Italy. "We cannot rule it out, but we have no precise information," said Sea Watch spokesman, Ruben Neugebauer, to German news agency dpa.
Police said in mid-September that the suspects had raped, tortured, and even murdered people in the North African country. The suspects are Mohammed C. (27) from Guinea, and two Egyptians, Hameda A. (26) and Mahmoud A (24). "The migrants were systematically harassed and subjected to cruelty through repeated and continual physical violence," they said in the statement.
NGOs and aid organizations are now indicating that they are unable to know precisely who boards the ships. "We cannot scan to see who the people are. They come without passports," said Neugebauer. Torture is one of the main reasons that people flee Libya, he added, so it is very probable that perpetrators are also on the ships. "It is therefore very important that we keep track of this".
Tesla boss Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers.
"We have the opportunity to reach 100,000 deliveries in our first quarter," Musk wrote in an email to Tesla employees published by industry blog Electrek.
Investors liked this: Tesla shares closed the day with a gain of over six percent. The price has not increased so much in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla delivered around 95,000 cars and hit its best value to date.
Musk needs records to achieve his ambitious goals. In 2019, he wants to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. The company would have to hit six-digit figures in the current and upcoming quarter to do so. The less expensive Tesla Model 3 is in particular demand, but its profit margins are low. There have been losses recently despite the boom.
Although the American Congress and President Donald Trump agreed in August to raise the expenditure ceiling for financial years 2020 and 2021, the United States is once more facing the new fiscal year, which begins on October 1, without a spending plan. On Thursday, the Senate followed the House of Representatives and ratified temporary financing (Continuing Resolution, CR) until November 21. Without such a decision, a shutdown (a partial closure of the federal administration) would have occurred on Monday at midnight. President Trump still has to set the decision into effect.
Opinions Differ on Building the Wall
France permits artificial insemination of lesbians and singles
Insemination with sperm of deceased husband continues to be forbidden
Numerous members of the ruling party La République en Marche (The Republic on the Move, LREM) belonging to President Emmanuel Macron and deputies of the opposition party had, on the other hand, spoken out in favor of artificial insemination with sperm of a deceased spouse. They emphasized a widow would be bearing the "double bereavement" if the death of her husband meant her wish for a child would remain unfulfilled.
Until now artificial insemination in France has only been allowed for heterosexual partners, who cannot have children. They must be married or have lived together for at least two years. Buzyn had already announced in summer, that surrogacy continued to be unlawful.
30,000 squid confiscated
During the repeated inspections, 30,000 squid were discovered in the boats and confiscated. Three trawlers and two motor boats are also reported to have been confiscated and taken to Nakhodka and Posyet near Vladivostok.
The "most generous nation in history": Donald Trump, here at a meeting with an elected police delegation in the White House.
Once more, the US government wants to reduce the already historically low cap for taking in new refugees. In financial year 2020, which in the United States runs from October 2019 to September 2020, no more than 18,000 people will be allowed into the country, declared the US State Department. In the financial year that is now almost over, the limit still lies at 30,000 people.
A huge point of dispute is the border with Mexico, which Trump wants to seal off. To be able to finance the construction of a border wall, Trump has declared a national state of emergency. Whether there is a temporal connection between the current measures and current domestic political developments in the US capital is unclear. Trump is now under pressure due to the Selenskyj affair and possibly imminent impeachment proceedings.
Court orders release of orangutan from zoo
By request of the Argentine justice system, an orangutan female has been relocated from the former Buenos Aires zoo to a sanctuary for great apes in the USA. "Sandra," born in 1986 in Rostock Zoo was awarded the rights of a non-human person, which classes her release as urgent. The animal was shipped to Dallas on Thursday evening by direct flight—however not as a passenger, but in the cargo hold, as explained by lawyer Andrés Gil Domínguez.
As the human ape weighing 53 kg is not in a position to adapt to a life in the wild, she will live in an open-air enclosure in the Center for Great Apes in Florida in future. There are already 21 other orangutans and 31 chimpanzees there, among them "Bubbles," Michael Jackson's former pet. Before moving to Florida, however, "Sandra" must endure a 40-day quarantine in Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita in the US state of Kansas.
Dressed in jeans and a T-shirt and assisted only by an absolute absence of dizziness, Arnold needed 46 minutes and 30 seconds to complete the climb, He beat the previous record by almost 19 minutes.
Despite the trade conflict with China, the US sports goods manufacturer Nike has achieved a significant profit increase. Nike´s net income increased in the past quarter to 1.4 billion dollars (almost 1.3 billion euros). The Group stated this was 25% more than in the same period last year. This is the result of the new marketing strategy "Nike Direct" which puts the Adidas competitor Nike in direct communication with its customers.
Sales rose to $10.7 billion in the three-month period at the end of August. The greatest increase in Nike sales was in China with a growth of 22 percent. The Group from Beaverton, Oregon also profited from its approach of addressing consumers directly via the Internet or smartphone apps in China.
Chief financial officer Andy Campion announced that Nike would continue to drive the "digital transformation" of the sporting goods manufacturer with strategic investments, thereby increasing its competitive advantage. The investors reacted positively to the quarterly figures as the shares rose by more than five percent.
The Italian football club AS Roma has given a fan a lifetime ban on entering the stadium for making racist comments about professional footballer Juan Jesus. The Brazilian defender was insulted by the fan on Instagram. Jesus then published the private messages and called on his club to take action. "@officialasroma you know what you should do with a fan like this. #NoToRacism. I'm proud of who I am," wrote the 28-year-old who has played for AS Roma since 2016.
Racism is a problem in Italian football. Fans regularly chant racist insults against the black players of opposing teams. "We can't have any racism in society or in sport. The situation in Italy has not improved, and that is very serious. Those responsible must be identified and thrown out of the stadiums," FIFA president Gianni Infantino said over the weekend. His statement was the result of racist chants during the first league match between Atalanta Bergamo and ACF Fiorentina last Sunday.
Generation Z: Are they really different to Generation Y?
"The Crabs are Coming!" With this cry, the crab hunt at Gucheng Lake in Gaochun officially began on September 21, kicking off the opening ceremony of the nineteenth China Gaochun Gucheng Lake Crab Festival, as announced by the Department for Publicity Work of the Nanjing-Gaochun District Committee.
Gaochun, which forms the southern edge of Nanjing in the Jiangsu province, is a national environmental zone. It's the first international "Slow City" in China and the Chinese headquarters of the international "Slow City" movement. From an ecological standpoint, the city can boast ideal conditions, with a mixture of "30 percent mountains, 20 percent water areas, and 50 percent fields." Gaochun's generous natural environment offers its inhabitants all the prerequisites for becoming wealthy.
However, the US president Donald Trump contradicted the Iranian counterpart via Twitter: "Iran wanted for me to lift the sanctions imposed on him, so that there could be a meeting. I, of course, said no."
Ruhani describes the event thus: Chancellor Merkel, The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the French President Emmanuel Macron had been present in New York and had insisted that there should be a meeting. "And America says, I will lift the sanctions," added Ruhani. The type of punitive measures that were to be ended was under debate. "And they clearly said that they will lift all sanctions."
At the start of the week, Chancellor Angela Merkel had met with Mr Ruhani in New York. The backdrop was the hope of Europeans' hope of rescuing the Iran nuclear agreement they had negotiated with China and Russia. This is intended to deter the Islamic Republic from developing nuclear weaponry. France's president Emmanuel Macron had, like Merkel commented on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, that Ruhani will meet with US president Donald Trump.
Serious earthquake near Istanbul—Almost 200 aftershocks
After western Turkey was shaken by two earthquakes within a short time, fears of a disaster are growing. 34 people were injured in the quake on Tuesday. Since the quake the day before, there have been almost 200 aftershocks, said Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay on Friday. This is fueling fears of a disaster.
For years, city planners such as well-known architect Mücella Yapici have warned that the large open spaces created in the city center as places of refuge have been built on. Only on the 20th anniversary of the Gölcük quake in August did the Chamber of Civil Engineers of Istanbul warn that an estimated one million buildings in the city are not earthquake-proof.
Disaster and Emergency Management Authority AFAD said the epicenter of Thursday's quake was in the Sea of Marmara off the coast of the Silivri district and at a depth of about 4.3 miles. A smaller quake a few minutes later caused even greater panic in the streets.
Istanbul is especially prone to earthquakes. A section of the North Anatolian Fault, which marks the border between the Eurasian and Anatolian plates, runs beneath the Sea of Marmara. Turkey is repeatedly shaken by earthquakes. One of the deadliest happened near Istanbul in 1999. More than 17.000 people lost their lives at that time.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said after his return from New York that eight people had been injured. A few buildings had suffered minor damage. The Mayor of Istanbul Ekrem Imamoglu monitored developments from Istanbul's Catastrophe Coordination Center (Akom). He reported that two minarets of mosques in the districts of Avcilar and Sariyer had collapsed.
Aftershock warning in Istanbul
Many social media users are reporting panic. Buildings trembled. Schools and hospitals were evacuated. Telephone lines were severed. It was stronger than the quake on Tuesday, one user wrote. On Twitter, Kerem Klinik, President of Turkish Red Crescent, warned of aftershocks. He called on people to keep away from buildings that had suffered visible damage.
The time of the quake is officially given as 1:59 p.m. local time. According to CNN Turkey, only a few minutes after the first quake, an aftershock measuring 4.0 on the Richter scale occurred.
On Tuesday, a magnitude-4.6 earthquake shook the Marmara region that was felt as far away as Istanbul. Disaster and Emergency Management Authority AFAD said the epicenter of this quake was also in the Sea of Marmara to the west of the capital.
Earthquake researcher Sükrü Ersoy thinks the latest earthquake is an early warning. It has made a disaster more likely, he told CNN Turkey. "This could be a sign of a bigger earthquake," Ersoy told CNN. "The big quake will come sooner or later".
A minor quake a few weeks ago caused major concern in Istanbul. In Albania, there was a strong earthquake only a few days ago, with 68 people injured. The earth also shook by Lake Constance this year.
Two controversial documents provide new fuel in the Ukraine affair regarding US president Donald Trump's possible abuse of power. US democrats feel strengthened towards a possible impeachment procedure. The complaint filed by an anonymous whistleblower about Trump and his controversial phone-call with the Ukrainian president provided important clues for investigations against the president. Even Trump himself once more feels like a victim of a witch hunt. He also doubted the credibility of the whistleblower.
USA: United Airlines passenger locked in toilet—Plane diverted
The woman was finally freed from the narrow cabin during an unplanned stopover in Denver Wednesday evening (local time). She had been locked in for almost one hour, US media wrote citing other passengers. Passengers were required to change aircraft to continue their flight to San Francisco.
In a video from Flight 1554 distributed online, US media report that multiple people can be seen trying to free the woman. "We are currently working on opening the door, ma'am. We will get you out soon, okay?" says a man in the video. The airline apologized to all passengers. It was initially unclear whether the woman would receive compensation.
The Cockroach: Inspired by Kafka: Ian McEwan writes a Brexit novel
How does an author like Ian McEwan deal with all the Brexit chaos? He writes a book about it—and his protagonist is unmistakable.
McEwan was quoted as saying, "When the parliament is shut down, so that the government cannot be challenged at a critical time, when ministers are lying as shamelessly as the former soviet rulers, when Brexiteers in high positions are almost invoking a No-Deal, then an author has to ask himself what they can do. There is only one answer to that: writing." We had only just heard from McEwan in the spring with the novel "Machines like me" about artificial intelligence.
Kafka's story first printed in 1915 tells of Gregor Samsa, who wakes up one morning and sees himself transformed into a monstrous insect," is gradually rejected by family and community and eventually perishes. "Ian McEwan bows down before Kafka in order to describe a world that is upside down," the Diogenes Publisher discloses.
11,200 railway cars in Austria and Hungary are being fitted with whisper brakes to reduce the noise generated by freight trains. In addition, sections of the rail links between Graz and Győr and between Wiener Neustadt and Sopron will be modernized and electrified.
Thomas Cook: All trips canceled until October 31
This also affects bookings made with the brands Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Signature Finest Selection, Neckermann Reisen, ÖGER TOURS, Bucher Reisen, and Air Marin that have already been paid for partially or in full. The company has not confirmed how it will handle trips starting after November 1, 2019. Further action will be examined in coordination with the insolvency insurer, the company said.
Thomas Cook in Germany was caught up in the wake of the collapse of its British parent company and filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday. The company, which also includes Neckermann Reisen, Öger Tours, and Bucher Reisen, employs around 2000 people in Germany.
Insolvency administrators want to attempt to keep the three Thomas Cook companies in Germany operating and find a solution for the future.
However, the Zurich Insurance payments now announced for hotels will help travelers who are currently still abroad. Things look bad for Thomas Cook customers who still want to go on vacation. Late Thursday evening, the company announced that all trips up to and including October 31 had been canceled. This also applies to bookings that have already been paid for.
Prince Harry destroys blast mine in Angola
On Friday morning, near the British Halo Trust camp in Dirico, he flipped the ignition switch in front of TV cameras At a safe distance in the savannah, the mine exploded without causing damage. The Halo Trust alone has destroyed over 100,000 relics of the decades-long bloody conflict in Angola, yet there are still over 1,000 minefields endangering the population.
Since Monday, Harry (35) and his wife Meghan (38) have been on a ten-day Africa trip that started in the South African tourist metropolis of Cape Town.
The number of fatalities connected with the use of e-cigarettes in the USA has increased to twelve. And the CDC, the US public health authority, has announced 805 people confirmed or probably injured in connection with the devices. According to a study in the "New England Journal of Medicine," more than 900 people have been affected, and around 500 of those cases have been confirmed. The cause for the lung damage remains completely unclear. No similar increase in lung injuries is known In Europe so far. The complaints seem to be restricted to users in the USA.
The videos of Mohammed Ali have been shared on social media millions of times. In them, the building entrepreneur and actor who lives in Spain calls for a "people's revolution." He has called for further protests this Friday against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and the Egyptian military, who are accused of corruption and mismanagement. Ali hopes for mass rallies with one million participants in central locations in the country.
Last weekend there were protests involving hundreds and thousands of people in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez, and Mansura. There has not been such an open protest in Egypt for years. The security forces reacted with corresponding severity. According to the human rights organization Human Rights Watch (HRW), almost 2,000 people have been arrested since last week. Many of them were arrested arbitrarily just because "they were in the wrong place at the wrong time," said HRW, citing the lawyers of those arrested.
"Ocean Change": Arved Fuchs returns from his Greenland expedition
The polar explorer Arved Fuchs returned from his Greenland expedition Friday. Among those waiting to greet him in the port of Hamburg was skipper Boris Hermann, who had taken climate activist Greta Thunberg across the Atlantic in the racing yacht "Malizia."
For his "campaign for a sustainable and respectful use of the world's seas," the polar explorer from Bad Bramstedt received the Seadevcon Maritime Award during Hamburg Climate Week. "Arved Fuchs is a great example for all of us who are concerned about the survival of the oceans", said Skipper Boris Herrmann during the award ceremony. "He is a witness to the changes that have occurred in the Arctic over the past decades."
Expensive spaghetti in Rome Tourists paid 430 Euro for noodles
430 Euro for two spaghetti dishes and fish in a simple restaurant near Castel Sant'Angelo in Rome: That seemed too high a price for two Japanese tourists. Although the two women paid the bill, which included an 80 Euro tip, they posted the receipt on Facebook, which caused heated reactions.
One phone call to the Ukraine and everything is ruined? US President Donald Trump could face impeachment proceedings after the troubling revelations of the past few days, the democrats wish to conduct their investigation as quickly as possible in the House of Representatives - it could take weeks before the decision is made.
The lawyer and former mayor of New York City seems to have indulged in right-wing conspiracy fantasies, fixated on Trump´s opponent in the 2016 election: The critics at the time claimed that Hillary Clinton had conspired with persons in Ukraine in order to create a pretext for Russian investigations in the USA. This accusation, however, was never to be taken seriously.
Eduardo Mosquera, commander of the 4th Chilean air brigade said:
Poland has been running the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station on King George Island since 1977 and there are currently 19 scientists working there. The lost scientists were safely brought back to their research station.
Warning: NEVER Charge your Smartphone Wirelessly
Practical but Dangerous
Researchers warn against charging smartphones wirelessly. According to the findings of the University of Warwick, this is extremely dangerous for the devices. The reason for this is the significantly higher buildup of heat. If one charges a cell phone normally (with a cable), the battery reaches 80.6 degrees within three hours. But with wireless charging, researchers measured over 86 degrees even if the smartphone was perfectly aligned on the charging pad. If the cell phone is placed near the coil, the temperature is even higher. Moreover, the wattage of the charging pad increases, which in turn jacks up the use of power.
Practical
A Nepalese climber claims to have ascended thirteen of the world's fourteen highest mountains in just six months. Nirmal Purja (36) reached the top of Manaslu in Nepal and set a record, said the organizer of his expedition.
Four dead elephants discovered in Sri Lanka
Impounded British oil tanker leaves Iran
The role played by genes in the increased risk of common intestinal cancer has apparently been overrated until now. This was the conclusion reached in a recent study by researchers at the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) in Heidelberg. Other risk factors such as family eating habits are more serious than previously assumed. This has consequences for determining the individual risk of intestinal cancer, say the scientists at the Center.
Musk needs records to achieve his ambitious goals. In 2019 he wants to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. The company would have to hit six-digit figures in the current and upcoming quarter to do so. The less expensive Tesla Model 3 is in particular demand, but profit margins are low here. There were recent losses despite the boom.
The law obliges the government to request a postponement of the date of withdrawal if an agreement with the EU cannot be reached by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a "capitulation law" that makes negotiating with the EU more difficult.
Iran's president Hassan Rohani has increased pressure on European contract partners about the rescue of the historic nuclear deal. "Regrettably the European states are showing an inability or lacking readiness when it comes to concrete action," Rohani said on Thursday at the press conference on the sidelines of the US General Assembly in New York. In case they do not stand by their promise, he put in view "further steps" away from the agreements of the laboriously negotiated convention of 2015.
The backdrop is the conflict about the international convention to prevent an Iranian nuclear bomb, which in return contained a promise to Tehran to normalize economic relations. The USA single-handedly got out of the agreement in 2018 in order to force Iran into a change of course with "maximum pressure" in what was considered aggressive Near East politics. The leadership of President Donald Trump wants to deal a new agreement and is imposing hard sanctions against Tehran in the meantime. Iran last reacted to this with a relaunching of the uranium enrichment limited in the contract.
Before potential talks with US president Trump, the wide-reaching sanctions imposed by the US administration should have to be lifted, Rohani demanded. He urged the government in Washington to switch to a policy of "dialogue and reason."
Comet of another star crosses solar system
What used to be only a speculation has now been confirmed: An interstellar guest crosses through our solar system. The deep space comet was named 2I/Borisov after its discoverer and has aroused the interest of astronomers all over the world.
2I/Borisov is only the second interstellar object sighted while travelling through our solar system, after 1I/'Oumuamua from 2017.
2I/Borisov is a rare opportunity for astronomers to obtain a closer look into an unknown solar system, before the comet disappears never to be seen again. First observations show that the interstellar comet resembles the comets of our own solar system, as the Canary Islands Astrophysical Institute reported. "The comet's current speed is high, about 150,000 kilometers per hour, which at this distance is well above the typical speeds of objects orbiting the Sun," said Davide Farnocchia of the US space agency NASA in a press release.
According to the International Astronomic Union (IAC) the comet is of distinctly interstellar origins, and is currently moving along a hyperbolic path which is leading it out of our system, as the International Astronomical Union (IAU) announced. The Union is also responsible for naming and categorizing celestial bodies. The interstellar comet, at first listed under the catalogue number C/2019 Q4 was given the designation 2I/Borisov in honor of the astronomer who discovered it, the first part of the name indicating that it was the second interstellar object discovered in our solar system.
The astronomers are lucky: Unlike 1I/'Oumuamua, 2I/Borisov was sighted while approaching. The researchers had several months to study it. "The object will reach maximum brightness in December and will be visible through medium-sized telescopes until April 2020", explained Farnocchia. "After that, it will be possible to observe the comet with large professional telescopes until October 2020".
Multiple observatories have already began observing the visiting comet. A team led by Karen Meech from the University of Hawaii, who had already led the description of 1I/'Oumuamua, determined in the first study the diameter of the celestial object to between 2 and 16 kilometers. Recorded images from the Gemini observatory in Hawaii clearly show the tail of the comet.
Researchers at the Canary Islands Astrophysical Institute (IAC) have already garnered a first so-called spectrum of the interstellar comet, which is similar to a fingerprint of its chemical composition. "This object´s spectrum is similar to the ones in our solar system and this indicates that its composition must be similar", reports the IAC researcher Julia de León. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could be formed through similar processes as ours, de León's colleague Javier Licandro added.
According to the IAU, the discovery of two interstellar comets in just two years suggests that these objects could provide a new way of researching certain processes in other solar systems. However, it is still difficult to estimate how frequent these comet visits may be. One of the next interstellar comets could be intercepted by a planned satellite mission by the European Space Agency Esa.
The agency wants to place a three-part space probe, the "Comet Interceptor" at a waiting position at a distance of 1.5 million kilometers from Earth by 2028. According to science director at ESA Günther Hasinger, the probe should either intercept an new, intact comet from our own solar system or an interstellar object such as 1I/'Oumuamua.
First airplane landing on Beijing's new mega-airport Daxing
New Supersonic Aircraft to fly in 2030: Four and a half hours from London to Sydney
Flying from London to Sydney in only four and a half hours, is what the British UK Space Agency is dreaming of. What will facilitate supersonic flying in the 2030's is a special drive (Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine, Sabre), which the Reaction Engines company from Oxfordshire will develop, American broadcaster CNN quoted the agency as having said. "That is the technology that could definitely do that," Agency director Graham Turnock told the broadcasting house. "We are talking about the 2030's for the launch, the work is already far advanced."
In order to drive the project forward, the British space agency wants to work closer with the Australian one. A flight from the British capital to the Australian metropolis currently takes about 20 hours. As the only supersonic aircraft for passenger transportation so far, Concord had been covering the distance between New York and Paris from 1976 to 2003, taking three to three and a half hours. In the year 2000, at the Paris Charles de Gaulle airport, there was an accident when starting a Concorde where all 109 passengers lost their lives. In the past year, the US American aircraft builder Lockheed Martin announced plans to develop a supersonic aircraft together with the US space authority Nasa, namely the ‘X-Plane.' Virgin Galactic also has these kinds of developments in its program.
"Sabre will make the world smaller with its high-speed point to point transport," Reaction Engines has written on its home page, amongst other things. The Sabre drive could be used for efficient travel with a speed of Mach 5—that signifies five times the speed of light. In addition, such aircraft can also be used outside the earth's atmosphere and thus enable the "next generation of authentically reusable space devices."
Unrest in Washington: Trump wants to track down anonymous whistleblowers in the Ukraine scandal
The Democrats in the US House of Representatives announced preparations for impeachment proceedings against Trump on Tuesday. Their accusations are based primarily on a written complaint by an anonymous secret service agent who raised serious allegations against Trump and his government office. Following intense public pressure, the whistleblower's statements were made public on Thursday.
As part of his statement, the whistleblower alleges to have received information from several government officials that the US president is "using the power of his office" to get another country to interfere in his favor in the 2020 US election.
At the core of the accusations is a controversial telephone conversation between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky at the end of July, in which Trump encouraged his colleague to conduct investigations that could harm his political rival Joe Biden. This is about Hunter Biden´s earlier business ventures in Ukraine and Joe Biden´s alleged attempt to protect his son against Ukrainian justice. Biden is leading the race for the democratic presidential candidacy for the 2020 election.
On Friday, Trump questioned the credibility of the source. In a series of tweets, the President wrote, among other things, that the "so-called whistleblower" had received second-hand information which turned out to be untrue. Therefore, there were likely no whistleblowers or spies.
VW wants to standardize worldwide production even more and control new projects centrally. This should also reduce costs and accelerate decision-making—the aim behind this is to boost productivity and hence competitiveness. At a manager conference in Berlin, Director of Production Andreas Tostmann said: "We are well advised to make ourselves crisis-resistant particularly in uncertain times with Brexit and an imminent trade war between the United States and China".
In our region, the main plant at Wolfsburg is the only VW site where cars are made. The plants in Braunschweig and Salzgitter produce parts. An internal VW rule of thumb applies to Wolfsburg whereby 800,000 cars must be manufactured there each year so that the plant remains sufficiently profitable. However, production capacity in Wolfsburg was only about 700,000 vehicles in 2018 due to the falling demand for diesel and difficulties with conversion to the new WLTP fuel consumption and emission testing procedure.
On Friday in Bochum six presumed human traffickers from Nigeria were convicted to parole and prison terms of up to eight years and three months. The accused had smuggled young women from Nigeria into the Ruhr area and forced them into prostitution. In order to make them obey, the Nigerian women willing to leave their country had to take a ritual oaths with a voodoo priest in their homeland first.
The victims were aged between 17 and 22 years old. They were brought across the Mediterranean Sea with the help of Libyan smugglers in inflatable boats. However, their dream of a better future did not come true. Once arrived in Germany, they were distributed to various brothels in order to work off the supposed trafficking costs of an average of 25,000 Euro. Their wage was therefore completely reduced.
The accused, four men and two women, had admitted the trafficking and the subsequent distribution of the young Nigerians to brothels in court. "The work was physically and emotionally difficult to bear," Judge Isabel Hoffmann during the sentencing. "Some of them were really disgusted."
UFO calls for negotiations with Lufthansa
If the company does not return to the negotiating table, the labor union will "announce industrial action at the Lufthansa Group on October 14th," stated UFO vice-chairman Daniel Flohr on Friday. Lufthansa and its subsidiary Eurowings have for months refused to conduct wage negotiations with UFO. The question is whether the trade union has lawfully terminated collective negotiations with Lufthansa.
This was preceded by a fierce leadership dispute in the trade union during which numerous members of the executive and advisory boards resigned, including long-time union boss Nicoley Baublies. UFO had suspended an initial vote on strikes by cabin staff at Eurowings at the end of July due to the doubts about its leadership.
In September, two of the most important oil facilities in Eastern Saudi Arabia were struck by multiple rockets: the largest oil refinery in the country in Abqaiq as well as the Khurais oil field. As a consequence, domestic oil production fell drastically and oil prices shot up. It will take several weeks for oil production in the kingdom to reach its previous level.
Singer Justin Bieber (25) and his wife Hailey (22) are preparing their wedding. In her Instagram stories, the model posted several party photos featuring her wedding look on Thursday (local time). Reality star Kendall Jenner (23) and others threw her a bachelorette party in Los Angeles, according to People magazine.
Two people have died in a small airplane crash in the western Czech Republic. According to the police, the wreckage was discovered on Friday in a forested area near the city of Měčín. The victims were a 38-year-old woman and 64-year-old man.
The authorities had searched for the machine since Thursday evening after the crew issued an emergency signal via GPS. The search also involved a military helicopter. The cause of the accident has yet to be determined. The crash site is located around 30 kilometers south of Plzeň and 100 kilometers northeast of Regensburg.
Half of European Tree Varieties are Threatened with Extinction
Mountain Ash and Wild Horse-Chestnut Threatened
It also looks bad for the common wild horse-chestnut. Since 2017, it has been classified as "vulnerable," step two on the IUCN scale. The greatest threats are posed by a fungus and the Balkan leaf-mining moth. Since the 1980s, it has spread from southeast Europe over the entire continent and has hardly any natural enemies. IUCN estimates the number of wild horse-chestnuts (Aesculus hippocastanum) in Europe at less than 10,000. This assessment does not consider trees in cities, parks, or avenues.
Shrub Species and Mosses Also in Danger
At the same time, the IUCN scientists are compiling new European red lists for mollusks, shrubs, and mosses. More than one-fifth of mollusks and mosses and almost half of all shrub species are threatened, according to the IUCN. This is primarily due to the destruction of the wilderness, the introduction of foreign species, agricultural practices, and climate change. Mollusks such as snails played a key role in recycling nutrients in the soil and are an important source of food for birds and other animals.
"This report shows that the situation for overlooked and underestimated species is precarious: species that form the backbone of the European ecological system and contribute to a healthy planet," said Luc Bas, Director of the European Regional Office of IUCN. "We must limit the effect people have on our ecosystem and make protecting these species a priority."
Thirty-four people were injured in the recent earthquake in Turkey. No fatalities were reported. Dozens had to leave their homes, and 14 schools in Istanbul are reportedly closed for security reasons, said Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay on Friday.
One of the most severe earthquakes happened near Istanbul in 1999 and had a 7.6 magnitude. The epicenter was located in Gölcük, southeast of Istanbul. More than 17,000 people lost their lives.
Super Bowl 2020: Jennifer Lopez (JLo) and Shakira to appear in the half-time show
Shakira indicated in a statement that she felt honored to stand next to another artist on one of the biggest stages worldwide, representing Latinos and Latinas from the USA and the whole world. "And it's even going to be on my birthday!" The main sponsor of the event wrote on Twitter that it is the first time that both "queens" are on a stage together.
Shakira comes from Colombia. Jennifer Lopez was born in New York, her parents are from Puerto Rico.
The Super Bowl is the height of the American Football Season. The game and the half-time show are among the most watched TV broadcasts in the USA. Even if you have decreased audience numbers: This February, the spectacle lured the least viewers in the USA in over ten years. There were still nearly a hundred million viewers on average.
Kaepernick, who used to be quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers had gone down on his knees before the 2016/17 NFL playing of the national anthem in protest against police violence and racism. Kaepernick started a movement with his protest, countless players joining in the gesture. This caused big excitement, US president Donald Trump fiercely criticizing the mainly Afro-American football stars. Kaepernick himself has been without a club since March 2017 and has not played another NFL game. He accuses the clubs of not wanting to hire him for political reasons.
Cook bankruptcy: Hotels receive money from insurance
According to a press report, the bankruptcy of travel agency Thomas Cook will be costly for some banks. There is a risk of enormous write-offs on outstanding bonds and loans. Credit Suisse will also be affected by this, writes the Financial Times in its Friday edition.
Banks like Barclays, Morgan Stanley, UniCredit, or Credit Suisse would have to write off a total of up to £1.8 billion (around €2 billion) from their books, the report says. This was indicated in estimates from consulting company AlixPartners.
Bond creditors would have to accept write-offs of between £900 million to £1 billion and lenders of between £550 and £825 million. The amounts to be actually written off are more likely to be at the upper end of the range, an expert told the paper.
Rackete alleged to have brought suspected murderers to Italy
Sea Watch captain Carola Rackete may have brought men to Italy who are alleged to have tortured and murdered people in Libya. "We cannot rule it out, but we have no precise information," the spokesman for the refugee organization Sea Watch, Ruben Neugebauer, said to news agency dpa.
Carola Rackete brought illegal migrants into the port of Lampedusa on June 29, ramming an Italian Financial Guard ship in the process. The three suspects are said to have arrived there that day. The captain is under investigation for aiding and abetting illegal immigration.
The head of the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Ajit Pai, has warned the German government not to trust the Chinese network equipment provider Huawei.
He accuses the Chinese corporation of having close contacts with the Chinese state apparatus.
After a fire in a chemical factory in the northern French city of Rouen on Thursday, schools and kindergartens in the region remain closed.
The prefect of the Normandy region, Pierre-André Durand, stated for the news channel BFMTV that initially no "high toxicity" had been detected in samples. However, pollution of the nearby Seine could not be ruled out. The prefecture explained that dams had been built on the river for the purpose of pollution prevention.
Is He Still Trying to Trick Us?: Johnson Dodges Questions about Brexit Tactics
The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is being discrete about whether he wants to implement an unregulated Brexit, despite the law recently passed by Parliament that is supposed to prevent just that. When questioned to that end, Johnson has merely told journalists that his government will comply with applicable law.
The law prescribes that the government request a postponement for the date of withdrawal if an agreement with the EU cannot be reached by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a "capitulation law" that makes negotiating with the EU more difficult.
Cummings, who led the Brexit campaign "Vote Leave" during the election before the EU referendum 2016, now functions as the Chief Strategist in the British seat of government on Downing Street. He is said to be behind the uncompromising policy that has led the Prime Minister into an almost inescapable situation.
"The Polaroid Diaries" by Linda McCartney
Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan, and Janis Joplin: They all stood before the camera of Linda McCartney, who has become one of the great rock photographers. But it's not always glamourous. The photo album entitled "The Polaroid Diaries" (Taschen) goes deep into the very private world of the McCartney family.
Paul McCartney, who was married to Linda from 1969 until her death in 1998, was visibly proud and touched when he presented the photo book "The Polaroid Diaries" at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in mid-September. The illustrious guests included Ringo Starr, Stella McCartney, Olivia Harrison, and the Pretenders frontwoman Chrissie Hynde.
After the launch event, McCartney posted on Instagram: "#ThePolaroidDiaries is a fleeting glimpse into the life of an extraordinary family from the time before Instagram, a celebration of the legacy of LindaMcCartney as a committed artist and the immediate magic of Polaroid film."
For Linda McCartney, who studied art history at the University of Arizona until she found photography, the camera was always close at hand. She made thousands of Polaroids, of which a few hundred are now being published for the first time in "The Polaroid Diaries."
There are portraits, still life, landscapes, some hamsters, a sheep in the kitchen, and other interiors from the early 70s until the late 90s. "She wanted genuine moments," the art critic Ekow Eshun wrote in his forward. And naturally, one thing always took center stage: her husband Paul, as many had possibly never seen him.
It all comes down to the decisive click: "You have to recognize when a terrific photo is taking place in front of you. And then snap it at just the right moment," says Paul McCartney. "If you snap it two seconds later or earlier, it can be a totally different picture." And Linda always had a talent for capturing it at just the right moment. "She just knew she had it," said Paul in the Eshun essay.
"We will continue to buy oil and gas from Iran"
Despite the US sanctions against Iran, Turkey will continue to import oil and gas from its neighbor. In an interview released on Friday, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that Turkey cannot terminate its oil and gas imports from Iran.
For the 1980 program, refugees are selected from UNO camps around the world and resettled in the USA. The upper limit of 18,000 refugees for the budget year of 2020 would be the lowest in the history of the program. The current upper limit of 30,000 refugees is already an all-time low. When US president Donald Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, left the White House, this figure was at almost 85,000.
The whistleblower accuses the president in a now disclosed complaint, of having abused his office in order to solicit interference from another country in the 2020 US election. Specifically, it is about his controversial phone call with his Ukrainian counterpart Wolodymyr Selenskyj during the summer. In the conversation Trump suggested to him to initiate investigations against his possible democratic challenger Joe Biden and his son Hunter in the Ukraine. Trump denies any wrongdoing.
Refugee Boat Capsized: Baby and Small Children Drown in the Aegean
Seven immigrants died at the Greek island Chios when a rubber raft sank. The victims included a baby and four other children, the Greek coast guard reported. Four children, three women, and five men were reportedly rescued from the floodwaters by the crew of a passing ferry.
The victims are said to include a smuggler, reported the local news agency of Chios, Alithia.gr. The immigrants set out from Turkey in the morning. They were attempting to reach Inousses, the small group of islands in the northeast of the island Chios. Inousses lies between Chios and the Turkish mainland.
The Who cancel their concert
A US concert by The Who rock-band ended suddenly due to illness of lead singer Roger Daltrey. In the middle of a performance on Wednesday evening (local time) in Houston, his voice packed up. During the eighth song, Daltrey said to the public, "I think I should leave it while it still works."
The planned appearances for Friday in Dallas and Sunday in Denver have cancelled. They plan to catch up at a later date. 75-year-old Daltrey and his 74 year old band colleague Townsend are the only remaining founding members. The British cult band formed 55 years ago.
The crisis of the office tenant WeWork threatens to disrupt the balance in the world's largest real estate markets. A few days ago, the company discharged founder Adam Neumann as CEO, postponed its planned initial public offering, and with the sale of subsidiaries and assets (such as the private jet for the executive staff) began to gain financial leeway for the coming weeks and months. Moreover, the British "Financial Times" and others have reported that WeWork stopped the conclusion of nine rentals, effective immediately. This means that the largest tenant of office space in New York, London, and elsewhere, has suddenly left the market.
As calculated by economist Dan Alpert from the Cornell Law School in New York, in the past 24 months WeWork has rented almost 300,000 square meters of office space in Manhatten, one of the most expensive real estate markets in the world. WeWorks' new contracts alone made sure the demand for offices in New York was greater than the new spaces that came onto the market during this period. Without the WeWorks expansion, the office vacancy in the US metropolis would have increased, as Alpert wrote in "Business Insider." It looks similar in London, where WeWork now operates several dozen office buildings in prime locations.
The USA has issued travel bans against the former Cuban President Raúl Castro and his children. On Thursday, the American State Department justified this in an announcement citing Castro's participation in "severe human rights violations." As head of the Communist party of the Caribbean nation, he presided over a system in which thousands of Cubans were deliberately arrested and there were more than one hundred political prisoners.
As the commander of the armed forces, the brother of the deceased revolutionary leader Fidel Castro shared the blame for human rights violations in Venezuela as well, where he was supported by its President, Nicolás Maduro. "The abuse of human rights and the use of force by the Cuban regime to support the former Maduro regime are responsible for the continuing crises in Cuba and Venezuela," tweeted the United States Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo.
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump issued travel bans against members of the Venezuelan government and military, among others. In Venezuela, a bitter power struggle between the government and the opposition has raged for months. The USA has imposed a series of sanctions against Maduro's government to bring him to his knees and to help the leader of the opposition and self-appointed interim president, Juan Guaidó, to come to power.
Cuba is one of Maduro's closest allies. The socialist Caribbean island receives oil from Venezuela in exchange for the service of dispatched doctors. The USA and the Venezuelan opposition believe Cuba has also sent numerous secret service agents to Venezuela to help the government suppress its opponents.
New climate protests by Fridays for Future
It is not quite clear how large the worldwide response will be after last week's record attendance. Thunberg herself was optimistic. "Over four million people went on strike for the climate last Friday. This Friday we'll do it again," she tweeted. So far there have been 6,383 protests in 170 countries during the strike week, she added.
In Germany, the response last Friday was particularly big. Fridays for Future estimates that one third of all worldwide protesters—about 1.4 million people—gathered in 575 German cities. This time, demonstrations are planned in at least 65 cities, according to a list compiled by the protest movement. People intend to take to the streets for the climate not just in large cities like Berlin, Hamburg, Munich, and Cologne but also in smaller towns and districts such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia and Westerland in Sylt.
A total of 13 culprits are suspected of operating a computer center in a former Nato bunker in Traben-Trarbach on the Moselle River that hosted numerous websites through which the internationally acting criminals carried out their schemes.
New worldwide climate protests by Fridays for Future
One week after the biggest international climate protests to date, thousands of people intend to take to the streets again today to call for better climate protection.
In Germany, protests are planned in at least 65 cities, including Berlin, Hamburg, Munich, and Cologne, as well as in smaller towns and districts such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia and Westerland in Sylt. Climate activist Greta Thunberg is to attend a mass rally in Montreal, Canada.
Comet discovered: An interstellar guest crosses through our solar system
Garching/Washington—Scientists have long suspected it, but they are now certain: A comet from another star is crossing our solar system at this moment. It was christened after its discoverer 2I/Borisov and is currently taking up the attention of astronomers worldwide.
2I/Borisov: A comet has been discovered by amateur astronomers in Crimea.
The said solid body was discovered by an amateur astronomer called Gennadi Borissow in Crimea. He was looking at the sky through a home-made telescope and further night-time observations confirm his first suspicion. It is actually an unknown comet which is not from our solar system. It is only the second of its type that has been spotted flying past.
Astronomers now have a big chance of getting a close-up view of an unknown solar system. Apparently the comet resembles those of our own solar system, as reported by the astrophysical Institute of the Canaries. According to the International Astronomic Union (IAC) the comet is of distinctly interstellar origins, and is currently moving along a hyperbolic path which is leading it out of our system.
But before it gets to that stage, astronomers can watch it closely. Then in contrast to its predecessor, 2l/Borisov has already been sighted before its approach, which means that it can be examined from earth for many months to come. "The object will reach its greatest brightness by mid-December and will then still be visible through medium-sized telescopes until April 2020," Davide Farnocchia of the Nasa US space agency explains. "After that it will still be visible through bigger, professional telescopes until October 2020."
The predecessors of the new visitor: 1I/2017 U1 "Oumuamua".
First knowledge about comet 2I/Borisov stirs hopes in science.
According to the first findings, the comet is estimated to be from 2 to 16 kilometers in diameter. At the same time, the celestial body seems to be similar to our comets, because as IAC researcher Julia de León puts it, the spectrum of the tail star's spectrum is similar to our ones. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could be formed through similar processes as ours, de León's colleague Javier Licandro added.
The famous journalist and author told the broadcaster Sky News that her brother used words like "capitulation," as though the opponents of the withdrawal from the EU "should be hanged, drawn, quartered, tarred and feathered." She feels that is thoroughly reprehensible. She no longer recognizes this version of her brother, said Rachel Johnson, who stood for the anti-Brexit party "Change UK" during the elections for the EU parliament.
And Cox's widower also strongly criticized the Prime Minister. "Feel a bit sick at Jo's name being used in this way," he tweeted. The best way to honor Jo is for all of us (no matter our views) to stand up for what we believe in, passionately and with determination. But never to demonize the other side." He also lamented that an atmosphere has arisen in which attacks have become more probable.
Johnson's speech was met with strong criticism, including in the church. As the "Times" reported, all 118 bishops and archbishops of the Church of England criticized the speech, which they said was "not worthy of our country." In a joint statement, they declared: "In the last few days, the use of language, both in debates and outside parliament, has been unacceptable. We should speak to others with respect.
Shakira and Jennifer Lopez perform at the Super Bowl
Latina power at the Super Bowl: Superstars Shakira (42) and Jennifer Lopez (50) will provide the halftime show at the upcoming final game of the NFL American football league. This was announced by organizers on Thursday (local time).
The finale of the American football league, which will celebrate its 100th birthday next year, takes places February 2 in Miami. Many people with Latin American roots live in the metropolis on the southern tip of Florida. Shakira ("Waka Waka") comes from Colombia, while Lopez ("On the Floor") is of Puerto Rican descent.
"I love that the Super Bowl has two women performing this year—and two Latinas," Lopez explained. This sends an important message to all Americans and the world. She promises "an explosion of fun and energy" for the show.
The 50-year-old was born in New York after her parents emigrated from Puerto Rico. In the 2000s, she had huge hits like "Waiting For Tonight" or "Let's Get Loud" and later released songs in Spanish. Lopez also does work as an actress and can be seen in the drama "Hustlers," in German theaters from November.
Shakira was famous in Colombia as the star of a telenovela and a singer. She made her international debut in 2001 with her first dual language album and the single "Whenever, Wherever."
The Super Bowl is both the largest US sporting event and a gigantic advertising spectacle. Musicians like Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Madonna, Bruno Mars, and the Rolling Stones have caused a huge stir there. More than 100 million TV viewers normally watch the NFL final, and it has become quite popular in Germany as well.
The runup to last year's game was mired in political controversy. Quarterback Colin Kaepernick refused to stand during the playing of the national anthem in protest against police violence against black people - he was then attacked harshly by US President Donald Trump and others. Some musicians refused a Super Bowl appearance out of solidarity with Kaepernick, including Rihanna and Pink. The rock group Maroon 5 was ultimately criticized by many for performing.
An actor and YouTuber badgers Egypt's ruler: For now Mohamed Ali prefers to stay abroad.
The two men who have a say about whether blood will be spilt on Egypt's streets again, have both spent the past week abroad. One of the two drifted into Cairo airport again on Friday. State president Abdelfattah al-Sisi returned from the UN General Assembly. The ex-general, who in 2013 deposed Muslim brother Mohammed Mursi, the first freely chosen head of state, had spent a pleasant time in New York. US president Donald Trump had praised al-Sisi's action against political Islam, making no mention of the human rights violations on the Nile—during a week, when Egypt's security forces arrested hundreds of people for daring to protest against the president. He had "no grounds for worry," al-Sisi said at the airport into the state television broadcasting microphone. "Egyptians are not easily misled."
When the provider promises too much
A senior Republican, the Governor of Vermont, has spoken out in favor of an impeachment investigation against US President Donald Trump. "I think the inquiry is important, yes, and where it leads from here is going to be driven by the facts that are established," Phil Scott said at a press conference on Thursday. He wanted to know more about the whistleblower affair before measures—impeachment proceedings can lead to the removal of the President—were taken.
Scott said that he was not surprised by the revelation that Trump had made repeated requests over the phone to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate interventions by Democratic Presidential rival and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. Trump has been watching Biden "for years."
Republicans have so far withheld their criticism of Trump due to the whistleblower affair; few have shown unease about it. Scott's statements are the first sign of uneasiness within Trump's party. Scott, a moderate Republican, has already pushed back against Trump's policies numerous times, such as when he opposed relaxing environmental regulations and tightening immigration requirements.
Spider-Man stays in the MCU: Additional Marvel film planned
It was a shock to all Spider-Man fans: At the end of August, it was announced that Sony and Marvel would be going their separate ways in the future. As a result, Tom Holland's Spider-Man would no longer be part of the Avengers universe. It was entirely unclear how the films starring Tom Holland would proceed.
Now the surprise: After "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Spider-Man: Far From Home," Spider-Man is getting an additional final third film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The same news was reported by several US media outlets. According to these reports, the cinema release is also set: The movie will be shown in the US from July 16, 2021.
The magazine Screenrant quotes Marvel boss Kevin Feige as saying, "I'm happy that Spidey's path continues on in the MCU. I and everyone else at Marvel Studios are absolutely delighted to be able to work on it again... He's the only superhero with the ability to take part in different universes, as Sony continues to work on its Spidey-Verse. You never know what the future will bring."
Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry Appear in "Suits" Finale
But her real-life husband, Prince Harry, was also mentioned in passing in the "Suits" finale (in a wedding scene, naturally). Just as Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman, 49) was going to the altar to marry his fiancée Sheila (Rachael Harris, 51), Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht, 47) made a telling comment regarding his suit. The confused Harvey wants to know whether or not the bridegroom had actually thrown on a frock coat, only to then make the snarky comment: "Louis, you are not the Prince of England."
The Aegean: Baby and four other children drown in boat accident
A baby and four other children drowned when a refugee boat overturned on the Aegean Sea. A total of seven people died in the accident, the Greek coastguard announced Friday. Their nationalities have not been established yet.
The boat sank off the Greek island of Oinousses, which lies between the island of Chios and the Turkish mainland. Four children, three women, and five men were rescued.
Hundreds of migrants are currently crossing over from Turkey to the Greek islands in the eastern Aegean. According to figures from UNHCR, 174 people died along this route last year. Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer has now said he intends to visit both countries.
Together with his French colleague and the responsible EU commissioner, Seehofer wants to "find out about the situation with refugees" in Turkey, he said on Friday. Afterwards, in Athens, he wants to learn more about "the administrative problems of the Greeks" in order to be able to help overcome them.
On Friday, an EU Commission spokesperson confirmed Seehofer's planned visit with EU Commissioner for Migration, Home Affairs and Citizenship Dimitris Avramopoulos and French Minister of the Interior Christophe Castaner.
Is the Turkey deal still working?
The increased numbers have recently cast doubts over the functioning of the EU-Turkey agreement reached in 2016. Under this agreement, the EU can send back all refugees and migrants who have come to the Greek islands illegally via Turkey. In return, for every Syrian sent back, the EU agreed to accept a Syrian refugee from Turkey.
However, the processing of asylum applications on the Greek side is proceeding sluggishly due to personnel shortages. The Ministry of Civil Protection says that almost 29,400 people are trapped on Lesbos, Chios, Samos, Leros, and Kos. The situation on Lesbos is the most serious: A camp with a capacity for 650 people is currently accommodating 5,200 migrants.
Climate Change: Heat Leads to More Heart Attacks
The German Green party also had to deal with shitstorms because of their use of disposable plastic and of air travel—but their pictures were not photoshopped. The leader of the Bavarian Green party Katharina Schulze, ate her ice cream with a plastic spoon on vacation, as merkur.de reports.
This case shows, however, how not do it: A self-declared influencer actively requested a free upgrade from airline Cathay Pacific. More than 65,000 users follow Jaqueline Ng on Instagram. On May 30, she flew from Taiwan to New York, returning on June 7.
Airline employees at the airport canceled Jacqueline's ticket and hit her with a life-long flying ban from Cathay Pacific. She was forced to purchase a new ticket to Taiwan for $1,400 (around €1,280).
Oil prices fall after report of a ceasefire in Yemen
On Friday afternoon, oil prices fell rapidly by over one dollar. A barrel (159 liters) of North Sea Brent oil ultimately cost $61.83—down about 1.4 per cent on the previous day. The price of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) fell by 1.3 per cent to $55.77.
Accusations against Trump intensify
Accusations of a cover-up by the White House have been voiced in the affair regarding US president Donald Trump's possible abuse of power, After a contentious telephone conversation between Trump and Ukrainian president Volodymyr Selenskyi at the end of July, several leading government employees worked feverishly to prevent access to the transcript of the call. This was reported by an anonymous informer. Democrat Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the House of Representatives, explicitly accused the White House of a "cover-up". Trump spoke of a "witch hunt".
North Korea considers a third summit for Trump and Kim to be questionable
North Korea has raised doubts that the nuclear dispute is likely to lead to a third summit for rulers Kim Jong-un and US president Donald Trump soon. The meaning and the chances of success of such a meeting are doubtful due to a lack of progress in the implementation of agreements of the first summit in Singapore, according to top diplomat Kim Kye-gwan via the KCNA agency.
Pound under pressure—Drop in interest rates expected
British pound under pressure
Speculation in Frankfurt over an imminent fall in Bank of England (BoE) interest rates is punishing sterling. On Friday, the British currency fell by 0.4 percent to $1.2269
Doping: Further Russian Manipulations Proven
In December 2014, systematic fraud was revealed in Russian sports. After that, the WADA blocked the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) for three years. During that time, Russian athletes were not entirely banned from the world stage. The International Olympic Committee allowed around 270 athletes to compete under a neutral flag in the 2016 Summer games in Rio, after individual testing, and 168 Russian athletes were there at the start of the Winter Games in February 2018. And they were allowed to compete in various world cups: In the summer, even the Soccer World Cup took place in Russia, with the hosts participating.
The chair of the Independent Integrity Commission (AIU) of the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) has now confirmed, however, that the doping data from the Moscow analysis lab were manipulated. "Yes. We received the data nine months ago. We were to check whether the task force obtained the correct data," said David Howman in an interview with the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" on Friday. "We found numerous discrepancies between the data the WADA obtained from a whistleblower and those they had received in January from the Russians." Many positive findings that had been allegedly mentioned in the McLaren Report were lacking.