An extraordinarily open and unique picture of Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's documentary feature film
An extensive article about this report was published in the Washington Post on Monday. The new findings are presented right in the title of the article as hyper-alarming. "This is one of the most disturbing articles I have ever read," entomologist David Wagner of the University of Connecticut told the newspaper, which quotes him as an independent expert.
Ondřej Houska's Czechs in Europe: Should Czechoslovakia have refused the Munich Agreement of 1938 and gone to war with Germany? Three times NO
Police Union Chairman Štěpánek has resigned, he wants to live as a free person
Milan Štěpánek, the Chairman of the Independent Police Union, decided to leave his post, reported the Czech Radio's Radiožurnál on Friday. Štěpánek, who has been chairing the union since 2005, will remain in the post for further two months. After he has left the front office, he will continue to serve in the police force.
"I can confirm that I handed in my written notice of resignation to the board earlier this week, and will remain in the post with all engagements for further two months," Štěpánek told the Radiožurnál. "I made this decision freely as someone who doesn't want to be tied to the union forever and who wants to live a more peaceful life," he said naming the reasons for his resignation.
A Semily museum exhibition looks back at the Velvet Revolution
A mock recreation of a room from the normalization era, complete with a television screen showing scenes of the brutal police action taken against students in Prague on 17th November 1989. This is one of the displays that is part of the new Velvet Revolution exhibition in a museum in Semily. "Our main aim is to show what was happening in Semily after the events on Národní třída," said Tomáš Chvátal, the curator of the exhibition.
"I'd say that the atmosphere was essentially the same all around; the first demonstration in Semily took place on 22nd November, with more people gradually joining in every day," he said. At the beginning, some of the most active people were in a group of local dissidents around Miroslav Matěcha, the only person from this town and its surrounding area to sign Charter 77, and the Dědečeks, who had been spreading the "A Few Sentences" petition. According to Chvátal, the Civic Forum formed relatively quickly back then. "One of the Civic Forum's defining features was that a strong group of local doctors had become its members," said the curator.
Some 50 photographs, taken by Karel Bárta 30 years ago, will transport visitors back to the past events that took place in the town. A video recording of the general strike of 27th November 1989, shot by František Tomíček, has survived to this day and will be played in a loop throughout the exhibition. Ivan Hlas was also among those who spoke and sang during the demonstration that took place then. A number of banners preserved from that time have been loaned to the exhibition by the Semily archive. "Their slogans read: Let's Not Get Duped, From a Trough to a Trough, We Don't Want Violence," said Chvátal. Some changes were implemented very quickly in the town back then, such as reaching a decision in as early as December during a vote held in all of Semily that the town square would be called Rieger's from then on and the previous name, Gottwald's, would be rendered invalid.
Our fans should stay positive, wishes Hašek. Sparta expect a great game in Pilsen
The last time Sparta were in Štrunc Park, in mid-May playoffs, it was quite a clear-cut affair. The guests left after a dull performance with a 0-4 slaughter, the biggest defeat in the history of the Czech independent league.
A number of players remain on the injury list: Costa, Dočkal, Drchal, Panák, Pulkrab, Zahustel, Krejčí and Kadlec, who is the only one on the roster to remember Sparta's last victory in Pilsen in 2011.
Download Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on your PC for free, you have time till Thursday
The story, based on a Dmitry Glukhovsky book of the same name, is set in the aftermath of a nuclear war in Russia in 2033. The Earth's surface as we know it does not exist anymore. Humans had to take refuge below the ground, in this case the vast space of the Moscow Metro.
To view the video you must enable the JavaScript support.
Most Austrians also want Muslims to have their religious practices limited and claim that they sometimes feel like foreigners in their own country due to the presence of Muslims.
According to Jan Papež, the Deputy Chair of the Association of Travel Agencies in the Czech Republic, there are three possible solutions in this scenario – to declare liquidation, to sell the company or to found a new travel agency by the Czech branch's team. "However, it is not possible to predict which option will be chosen. That will depend on the German owner," he said to the Czech News Agency today.
Trump considers delisting Chinese shares from the USA
According to government data, 156 Chinese companies were listed on the Nasdaq and NYSE as of February, including at least 11 state-owned companies.
Bloomberg pointed out that there is currently no precise mechanism that would ensure delisting shares of Chinese companies from U.S. stock exchanges. Any plan is subject to approval by Trump, who has given the green light to the discussion on the matter.
CzechTourism manager Aleš Pangrác accused by the police over promotion contracts
The police have accused Aleš Pangrác, the former manager of the state-run CzechTourism agency, over promotion contracts. Pangrác has confirmed to the Seznam Zprávy online newspaper that he received the accusation earlier this week. Czech Television (ČT) reported last year that the police were investigating contracts worth 38 million Czech crowns in this police case. According to the police, some of the money was being returned to Pangrác, the newspaper website informs. As part of the investigation, crime investigators were also interested in the Minister of Regional Development, Klára Dostálová (ANO), whose department CzechTourism falls under. The newspaper website reports that the investigation is still ongoing.
"Yes, I have been accused. But I will make no further comment on the matter," said Pangrác to Seznam Zprávy.
A Dobruška cemetery vandalized
According to the report received by the police, the act of vandalism in the garden of remembrance in a cemetery in Dobruška was purportedly committed on Wednesday between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m.
"The material damage has been calculated to be 60 thousand Czech crowns. The police officers are now asking potential witnesses to come forward and give information either in person at the police station or by phoning the free 158 line," said Lucie Konečná, a police spokeswoman.
The investigators treat the case as damage to somebody else's property and disorderly conduct, which is punishable by up to three years of prison.
Hundreds of enslaved children freed from a faith school in Nigeria
Kaduna Police chief Ali Janga told the BBC that the school was raided after a tip-off. He described it as a "house of horror". The starved people were forcibly kept in, tortured and sexually abused. Leaving the school was prevented by a razor wire above the walls. He said this was human slavery.
A French chef sues Michelin over star demotion. I suffer from depression, he claims
Renowned French chef Marc Veyrat lost his third Michelin star in January this year, only a year after he won the rating. He is taking legal action against the red guide publisher to determine the exact reasons behind the demotion. Veyrat has also questioned the competence of the Michelin inspectors who he says had mistaken saffron for cheddar. The first court hearing is set for November.
The head chef of the famous La Maison de Bois restaurant in the Alpine region of Upper Savoy was stripped of one of his three Michelin stars in January this year. He is taking the publisher of the prestigious Le Guide Michelin to court as he thinks that the inspectors' conclusion was not properly founded. What's more, the star was demoted without any prior notice, says the chef. "I have been depressed for six months now. How dare you gamble with the health of chefs?" Veyrat sent a message to the inspectors.
Technologically perfect mess with a weak screenplay. Gemini Man with Will Smith has failed to impress the critics
Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is a top professional in his field. He kills effectively, no questions asked. One day, he decides to hang up his hat and retire. Understandably, this doesn't go well with his employers, who send a killer after him. But there is a catch – the killer is Henry himself, or rather his younger clone created from his DNA. Is one determined man going to win a battle with himself? In this case, literally.
"This disappointing film is less than the sum of all the talents involved. Its weak script and plot are only held together by the technological wizardry of the film-makers," Stephen Dalton summed up his opinion in The Hollywood Reporter.
"A baffling product born from a bizarre idea," concluded Ella Kemp of the IndieWire website in her review.
"It's difficult to care that one man is a doppelganger of the other when neither of them acts very human," wrote Nicholas Barber on The Wrap website.
Strict but fair, we enjoy his lessons! That's how Benešov Grammar School students see their favourite teacher/author
Wife Swap: Ondra cruelly abused by his parents! He ended up in an institution
It was nerve-racking. Supposedly a problematic son, Ondřej (9), was often severely punished by his father. "He came home from school and told a fib about his snack. Lukáš looked at me and said that the boy would have to kneel as a punishment," described Lucie in the Swap. Dad Lukáš forced young Ondra to kneel in the corner for several hours! When the cameras weren't rolling, the boy even had to suffer like this on a wooden foot-massage board! "Ondřej approached me after the shoot and said – Auntie, I get into trouble and get disciplinary notes only to be able to leave here, because I want to go to an institution," Lucie described the moment when it fully dawned on her what was going on in the studio flat behind closed doors. In the end, the boy's wish came true...
Sparta want Tetteh in the line-up in Pilsen. They appeal against a two-match ban
Tetteh has already served the first half of the ban at the Wednesday match of the home cup in Jihlava. Sparta are now seeking to line the 22-year-old Ghanaian striker up for the big match of the 11th round in the First League in Pilsen on Sunday.
Last year's October situation may be repeated now. Last October, Olomouc appealed against the ban Šimon Falta received from the disciplinary committee on Thursday, suspending him for one match for being sent off in a match against Liberec.
As the appeal committee did not have enough time to discuss the case, the ban was postponed, and Falta could line up on Saturday, ironically against Sparta.
The committee confirmed the one-match ban for the Olomouc midfielder on the following weekend, and Falta sat out the next match against Zlín.
The committee has suspended Tetteh for a foul on Slavia's David Hovorka, and was immediately shown the red card by the referee Miroslav Zelinka in the 82nd minute.
The Ghanaian player's alleged spitting on the captain of the opposing team, Tomáš Souček, has not been proved.
Keller elected as President of the German Football Association
Upon his election as President of the Association, Keller resigned from his post at Freiburg.
A fire outbreak in the ČSA underground mine at Karviná, no injuries sustained
A fire in the ČSA underground mine at Karviná broke out this morning. The cause of the fire is yet unknown. Nobody was hurt in the fire, Ivo Čelechovský, a spokesman for the mining company, told the ČTK.
According to the E15, the dispute over the brand name can last for months, which can complicate the business activities of the company.
From Sydney to London in four hours? This may be a reality in 2030
The Independent server notes that this hypersonic travel, which is the equivalent of five times the speed of sound, is difficult because of engine overheating. Sabre (the Synergetic Air Breathing Rocket Engine) deals with this problem by using supercooled helium to keep temperatures from rising.
Milan Jakubů: The funeral was hijacked by the Army! Andor Šándor claims
Among those is Andor Šándor (62), the former Head of the Military Intelligence Agency, who met Milan Jakubů 17 years ago. Šándor remembers his former colleague as being hard-working and intelligent, and "a good chap".
Moreover, in recent years he was regularly meeting him at events celebrating anniversaries of the founding of the Military Intelligence Agency. That's precisely why he would like to say goodbye to Milan Jakubů. "Personally, I would like to attend Milan Jakubů's funeral," said Šándor to the Blesk. But he can't.
"The leaders of the Army are not kept secret, and neither are the senior military intelligence officers, as they can be seen, for instance, at Prague Castle when they are promoted to a higher rank. If the information given by the media is correct and the family did indeed allow to be side-lined by the Army, that is naturally the family's private business. I would personally never let the Army to take over the family and their wishes," concluded Šándor.
Milan Jakubů died in a car crash near Špindlerův Mlýn on Saturday. The head-on collision between Milan's Rapid and a Ford Mustang was allegedly caused by the driver of the sports car, Vojtěch C. (31).
Jan Šindelář's commentary: Running the railways like a business
Nebeský produced perhaps the weakest CV in terms of professional experience out of the five finalists. Despite his lack of experience in a large company he still managed to shove aside seasoned top dogs from front office positions in logistics giants and transport companies. It was the presence of the interesting managers from the private sector that was probably the brightest feature (and the biggest hope) of the whole process. Now they know their role there was only to be a theatrical backdrop for a political stage play.
It could be that Nebeský will surprise us and prove to be very talented indeed. He may become the best railway chief of all times in the end. However, he will be associated with the bad aftertaste of political cronyism, at least in the early days. The Czech Railways face tough times ahead, as they have to deal with the competition emerging in the wake of market liberalization and the lack of operational staff. There aren't enough train drivers, train shunters and mechanics. How can they stay motivated to work there and respect the management when the government acts like a bull in a china shop in their approach to top leadership matters?
Another important group are the creditors. We will see their take on what's being played out in the top management of the Railways in spring next year, when the Railways will be defending their credit rating. What's clear is that the creditors do notice instability. It is unfortunate that every year a different person is sent to the Moody's agency by the Czech Railways to defend their credit rating. The frequent changes in the management of the Railways and the political influence on the company did not escape the agency's attention – they criticized the Railways for this as early as this summer.
A couple taped a female dog and drowned it in a river, the sack was found by children
The incident occurred in a small town near Valašské Klobouky in late July. A 27-year-old woman brought home a one- or two-year-old dog she had been given as a present with a view to looking after it. The woman's partner, who is ten years older than her, did not like the fact that the dog was female, so he decided to get rid of it.
An expert veterinary medical report has confirmed that the dog died in an unambiguously excruciating way as a result of suffocation. The animal had suffered for several minutes before it died.
"The actions undertaken by the perpetrators show beyond doubt that they clearly intended to rid themselves of the animal in this despicable way by any means, even though they could have gifted or sold the dog to somebody. The superintendent of the Zlín Criminal Investigation Police charged the couple with a criminal offence of cruelty to animals committed in complicity. Both accused are first-time offenders and could be sentenced to up to three years behind bars if found guilty," noted Kozumplíková.
Thanks for the Dance! Singer Leonard Cohen's last album to be released posthumously
The album titled ‘Thanks for the Dance’ will feature unheard material and various musical collaborations, put together by his son. The album will be released on 22nd November.
Seven months later, Adam Cohen began working on the material his father had left him. He invited a whole host of musicians to collaborate on the album – Damien Rice, Bryce Dessner, Javier Mas and the singer Beck, to name a few.
In September 2018, Adam Cohen published ‘The Flame’, a collection of his father's poems. In Czech, it will be published as ‘Plamen’ by Argo Publishing on 31st December.
The first Miss contest winner Christová finally shapes up: Looking fab after shedding a few kilos
So, she moved from starving herself to eating excessively, which left its mark on her figure right away. She tried to hide the extra kilos with all kinds of loose clothing, but this made her curvy body look even bigger.
Now it looks like Ivana really means business. She has visibly lost weight, started to dress with taste and wears clothes that are more appropriate for a fuller figure.
Christová will always be remembered as the first beauty contest winner. She is also the very first winner, whose crowning was accompanied by a huge uproar from insanely whistling spectators in the Palace of Culture and Sports in Ostrava.
"A travesty of justice." The scientist who claimed that pollution causes cancer is now in jail in Turkey
Erdogan is taking revenge for the coup despite international criticism
Sik observed that the government was not taking any measures in the matter despite the clear results of the study. This was the reason behind him publishing several articles about the research in the opposition daily newspaper, Cumhuriyet. As a result of that, the authorities began a prosecution against him for leaking confidential information.
"Instead of using courts to chase after people who raise the alarm, the Turkish authorities should inquire into this significant public health problem," stated Andrew Gardner of the Turkish branch of AI.
The opposition and human rights organizations accuse the government of using the coup attempt to persecute their opponents. However, the authorities claim in their defence that these measures are necessary for national security.
The fastest man on the planet not available for tests. I don't take anything, he defends himself
The only time Coleman didn't win in this year's six starts at the 100-metre sprint was when he entered the season in the Diamond League in Shanghai. He was outperformed by his fellow countryman, Noah Lyles, only by six thousandths of a second. Lyles used Coleman's absence to triumph in the Diamond League finals but will only run a 200-metre sprint in the World Championship.
On paper, the second fastest sprinter is the 22-year-old Nigerian Divine Oduduru, with his time of 9.86 seconds, who has until now only been successful at U.S. university competitions.
Justin Gatlin, a 37-year-old American who managed a time of 9.87 seconds in Stanford this June, will be defending his title. His time in the last 100-metre sprint in Zagreb was only 10.29, due to a hamstring injury.
Among other front-runners are South African Akani Simbine; Andre de Grasse, who was a three-time winner at the Rio Olympics; and European champion Zharnel Hughes. The fastest Jamaican is Yohan Blake, the 2011 world champion with a time of 9.96 seconds.
A plane crashed near Žinkovy in the Pilsen area: Two people died in the accident
There were two people on board, a man (†63) and a woman (†38). "The plane requested clearance to land at Chaloupky Airport near Klatovy at 8.30 p.m.," said Dana Ladmanová, a police spokeswoman. This was their last recording. According to the GPS coordinates, the plane was somewhere above Vojovice near Žinkovy at the time.
However, the plane did not make it to Klatovy's airport. The search for the lost aeroplane, which had issued a distress signal, started immediately. "Our police helicopter was assisted by a military helicopter in the search process," said Martina Korandová, a police spokeswoman. The search operation did not have a happy ending, though.
Civilization on borrowed time
The Giant Mountains Museum renovation delayed by a year
Toyota still believes in hydrogen, the second generation of the Mirai is coming
During the conference, the word hydrogen was often mentioned in connection with the need of environmentally friendly power source not for passenger cars but conversely for big trucks, ships, trains, etc. In short, those vehicles that need to overcome long distances after filling up the tank. This option is simply not available in the purely accumulator version. Toyota could then find new markets thanks to years of experience and long-term development.
We should also mention that Hyundai also believe in hydrogen power source in the same way Toyota does. Hyundai now has the Nexo hydrogen crossover on offer.
If you are one of those women who are in the cool undertone category, then violet, plum, cherry or mauve shade coloured lipstick will suit you most.
A calculated smear campaign? Ústí and Labem Zoo is looking for a new veterinarian, nobody wants the job
Most recently at end of this month. The city council leaders put it down to the rumours that have emerged around Václav Poživil, the former director of the Zoological Gardens and a veterinarian in one person. The rumours assert that he was intentionally killing exotic animals in his care. Some of the animals in question were the female rhinoceros Zamba, female elephant Kala and male orangutan Ňuňák.
Deputy Mayor Věra Nechybová (Ústí Citizens Forum) explained that this was the third time the city council had invited bids for a veterinary care contract. "Doctor Poživil had to explain the unfounded accusations. In my opinion, they are outrageous claims designed to defame a good-quality expert," she commented.
Václav Poživil ranks among highly regarded specialists. He took part in, for instance, a unique operation, during which Ústí's female cheetah Jane received a total hip replacement, as the first cheetah in the world. He was the Director of the Zoo from 2009 to 2012. He has made no comment on the anonymous slurs about him. Yesterday, he wasn't accepting any phone calls nor responding to any text messages.
In the matter of the zoo contract, some veterinary surgeons are of the opinion that the potential lack of interest in taking up the job may not necessarily be down to fear of similar calculated accusations as is in his case, but simply due to low awareness. For instance, Jiří Král, a veterinarian in Ústí, has not heard of it until now. "The first time I've heard about it is now from you. Nobody has contacted us. Information about a matter like this usually travels around fast, I think," he added.
The D line to be overseen by a new architect for the metro, she brings in experience from the London Underground
The Czech architect, who also worked on, for example, the renovation of three London Underground stations, was awarded the tender issued by the Prague Transport Company (PTC).
She doesn't see the metro as a transportation structure serving one purpose only. Stations should have an aesthetic value too.
The public can say their last goodbyes to the former Head of State during a tribute ceremony at the Invalides Monument in Paris on Sunday afternoon, where Chirac's body will lie in state, Élysée Palace has announced.
Chirac was also remembered by the Japanese, since the politician was known there for his love of their country and sumo. The news of the former French President's passing appeared on the front pages of all Japanese daily newspapers, including the sports papers, notes the French press.
The Museum of Tribal Arts in Quai Branly in Paris, founded by Chirac, will not be charging entrance fees for ten days, in honour of the former Head of State.
Late-ripening pumpkins hold up the opening of Pumpkin World
Nová Ves u Leštiny (Havlíčkův Brod area) – Pumpkin World at a farm in Nová Ves u Leštiny in the Havlíčkův Brod area opens today and will stay open for visitors for over a month. Huge orange pyramids stand out among thousands of freshly harvested pumpkins arranged in decorative displays in the garden. The autumnal event, which has now become a tradition, starts a week later this year, because the pumpkins in the nearby seven hectares of field that belong to the Pipek family took longer to ripe. Many are still in the fields now, Jaroslava Pipková told the ČTK.
The Ministry of Finance is drafting an amendment to the Income Tax Act, which would see employees receive money for meals directly. According to the Ministry of Finance, a quarter of all employees, who do not currently receive luncheon vouchers, i.e. about a million people, would then receive contributions towards their meals.
Přindiš, Prskavec and Fišerová have secured their qualification for the World Championship semi-finals MS
Kayakers Vít Přindiš and Jiří Prskavec, as well as canoeist Tereza Fišerová have secured their qualification for the semi-finals at the Canoe Slalom World Championship in Seu d'Urgell. Přindiš placed fourth in Friday's qualification rounds, Prskavec fifth and Fišerová eighth. Three other Czech national team members will attempt to secure their places in the semi-finals in the repechage qualifying run in Spain in the afternoon.
Vavřinec Hradilek, a member of our strong national kayak team, did not succeed. He received a 50-second penalty right at the start of the run for a wrong pass through a gate. By contrast, Přindiš and Prskavec can relax and concentrate on the semi-finals set to take place on Sunday.
Both national team members were glad they would start towards the end of the semi-final block on Sunday. "I'm not an early riser, and what's more, mornings are cold here. When you're supposed to be here at eight, you must wear a jacket and jumper," said Přindiš. "The whole semi-finals are an hour and a half long, which is a good contrast in terms of sleep," agreed Prskavec.
Coal will give way to natural gas and nuclear power. Renewable resources do not meet the increased demand, says the Head of ExxonMobil Europe
Renewable resources in Czechia are not large enough to cover the future demand for energy. Due to the unfavourable climate here, wind and solar power plants need to be supplemented with alternative resources, such as those using natural gas.
I would not be surprised to see a working coalition of the TOP 09, STAN and KDU. They simply belong together on the political map. Ignoring the Christian, or reversely the pro-gay and gender aspects of the parties, I don't really see much of a difference in them in terms of their stance towards the impact of the state on their voters' lives. However, the ODS has been projecting itself for some time as "the only right-wing party". By associating itself with the other three entities, the ODS is now openly showing its true colours and the political bracket it is in.
An unexplained death of a girl (†8) in the Příbram area: The perpetrator goes unpunished
Lucie Bílá's father never supported her dream. You won't believe what he wanted her to do for a living!
Those who don't know that the original profession of our national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is a seamstress and that her real name is Hana Zaňáková probably don't live in the Czech Republic. Now, the singer herself has revealed that she almost ended up working in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from quite a young age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love for singing was born when she, as a little girl, performed in the Cultural House in her native Otvovice, where the vocalist still lives today.
The launch of a new tolling system is not under threat, announces Kremlík, though the change of the operator is at play
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport started preparing a new tender to award a contract to operate a new tolling system. This is a backup plan the government will put into place in the event that the current toll contract is legally terminated. In addition to that, the government is working on another interim solution to be used if the tender is not completed in time, the Transport Minister, Vladimír Kremlík (ANO), has posted on Facebook.
On Thursday, the Office for Competition Protection (OCP) issued a ban, deferred for a year, on fulfilling the toll contract between the government and the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll. The Ministry is going to appeal the ban.
"The launch of the new toll collection system is not under threat. As of today, we are starting to work on a new, transparent bidding procedure for a service contract to operate the new tolling system, currently finalised by the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll," said the Minister.
In addition to the new bidding procedure, the government department will also work on an interim solution, which would ensure toll collection over a temporary period until the government finds a fully-fledged solution.
Kremlík also reiterated that he believed the backup plan would not be needed. The Ministry will thus appeal against the decision made by the antimonopoly authority.
I still feel like a boy who is just finding his feet, says Jan Cina
The role of a decorator he plays in a new film, Národní třída, is much fresher in his memory than the První krok series. Cina has revealed that film director Štěpán Altrichter had to coax him a lot into taking the part. "It was hard work, but the result is worth it. The movie was made a year ago. Diligently and properly, but having fun at the same time. It was shot in National Avenue, where I drove a car despite not being a driver. We were also shooting a lot in Jižní město in Prague," he said about the Czech/German co-production feature film.
Děčín Zoo delighted at the birth of a baby macaque
"We have seven members in the troop at present. The youngest member was born on 17th August to a female called Buffy, as her fifth offspring. The father is a male macaque called Hitam. The first few days after giving birth, the mother carried her young closely to her body and wasn't keen on showing to the world whether it's a male or a female. When the young macaque was roughly three weeks old, she gradually started putting him down for short periods of time. Now, the keepers have known for a few days that it's a male," said Alena Houšková, a zoo spokeswoman, and added that 12 young of this species were successfully reared at the Děčín Zoo already.
The crested black macaque is a species that is endemic to Sulawesi Island, which means that it is not found in the wild anywhere else in the world. Its characteristic feature is its black fur and a spiked crest on the head, which the species is named after. Crested black macaques live in rainforests, predominantly at low altitudes.
Similarly to other primates, they eat both meat and plant-based food. Their diet largely consists of woody plant fruit, which they supplement with flowers and leaves. They get their protein from small arthropods, larvae and, to a smaller extent, young birds and bird eggs.
"This is a typical bill that is pointless," said Zbyněk Stanjura, the Chairman of the Civic Democratic Party parliamentary political group.
Přerov: A driver crashed near the village of Kokory: He died stuck in his Fabia
A tragic road accident occurred on a straight stretch of the road between Přerov and the village of Kokory on Friday. The 28-year-old Fabia driver lost control of his car and steered off the road. The car overturned leaving the driver stuck inside. He succumbed to the injuries sustained.
"Based on the initial information gathered on the site, a passenger car heading to Kokory steered off the road, where it turned onto its roof leaving the driver stuck underneath the car," said Miluše Zajícová, a Přerov Police spokeswoman, to the novinky.cz online newspaper.
The top section of the 40,000-seater Khalifa Stadium is now covered with multicoloured sheets, which display the flags of 209 participating countries. By coming to Qatar, athletics has entered territory where it has no roots despite the annual Diamond League meetings.
Therefore, we can hardly be surprised that last week only 50,000 tickets in total were sold for the ten days of the championship in spite of their price starting at 60 Qatari riyal, which is just under 400 Czech crowns.
Even if we accept this reality and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, purely from the sport side of things we can't help but sigh over the fact that this experiment, i.e. the first outdoor World Athletics Championship in the Arabian Peninsula, should have been timed better by the leaders of the IAAF – and held in a different year. By holding the event so extremely late, which was necessitated by the climate, the entire schedule of the pre-Olympic year season has been disrupted. As a consequence of that, the preparation for the key Olympic season, which would normally begin for athletes in October, will be disrupted too.
Perhaps Qatar will at least compensate for this with technological innovations, which promise to bring us a state-of-the-art and attractive championship. Is it 37 degrees right now? Even now, the stadium area is being artificially air-conditioned down to 24 degrees. Advanced cameras, built in each starting block, will show close-ups of athletes during the few hundredths of a second before and just after the starting shot to television viewers too.
Sparta are really energetic this year, acknowledges Hradec defender Nedomlel
"Everybody wants to put on a great game when they're playing against Sparta," says the Hradec defenceman before the match of the 5th Extra League round.
The Hradec players should not keep looking back at last year's scores with Sparta either. They lost three out of four matches, and won points only once in extra time after a victory in Prague. In addition to this, Sparta's management put a few more great players on the team in the summer and expects the team to return to the top.
"Sparta have always had good-quality players, and let's face it, they are really full of energy this year," admits Nedomlel before the first match at the end of this week.
What about the second match? A hard slog as well; awaiting Mountfield in Třinec on Sunday afternoon.
Venezuela's central bank is running internal tests to determine whether it can hold cryptocurrencies. The bank is responding to the request of state-run Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), which is seeking to send Bitcoin and Ethereum to the central bank. The bank could then pay the oil company's suppliers with cryptocurrencies. Their employees are also studying proposals that would allow the central bank to count cryptocurrencies towards foreign exchange reserves, now near a three-decade low. Bloomberg has reported the above with reference to information acquired from four sources.
Neither Venezula's central bank nor PDVSA have replied to requests for comment.
"Thomas Cook s.r.o., a Czech company trading as Neckermann Travel Agency, has not filed for insolvency," stated Šrámek in a press release.
"However, Neckermann Travel Agency is forced to cancel more planned departures of its clients," he said and added that all departures from 26th September to 6th October are currently affected.
According to Šrámek, cancelling the flights will impact on roughly 500 clients. He also says that the 800 Neckermann clients who are currently stranded abroad will be "taken care of, and their safe return to the Czech Republic will be provided by way of their scheduled flight".
A non-violent homeless woman killed under a bridge. The police are looking for witnesses
"Some of the drivers who were passing across the bridge between Libeň and Žižkov, or along Pod Krejcárkem Street, may have recorded the murderer on their dashcam, for instance. There may be witnesses who perhaps only saw the murderer and could give us his/her description. Basically, we welcome any witness evidence related to this case and will accept the information on the 158 emergency line," said Jan Daněk, a spokesman for the Regional Police Headquarters.
According to spokesman Daněk, the murdered homeless woman avoided conflicts, didn't drink alcohol and generally preferred her own company. She was murdered in her rough sleeping spot. "She was mostly moving around Krejcárek, Palmovka and Holešovice, and used to carry large blue shopping bags with her," Daněk added the victim's description, which could help find potential witnesses.
Basketball players fail to reach a medal position in the Under-17s World Championship, they placed fourth
He believes that his charges have a promising future ahead of them. "In the past two years, the girls managed to win the Youth Olympic Games, place second in the Under-16s European Championship, and now they have won the fourth place in the World Championship. By our standards, this is a good-quality team with a good character. We need to work with them further and develop their talent. It is now up to the federation which coach they will allocate to them in higher categories," added Fousek.
End of political cronyism? Critics say the new law won't help anyway!
A greater transparency during selection procedures for posts in state-run companies – this is one of the aims of the Nomination Act, voted for by 119 members of Parliament. The bill was approved mainly thanks to the ANO, KSČM, Social Democrats and even the Pirate Party.
On the other hand, the XCeed cannot be grouped together with the plastic-covered versions of classical compacts, such as the Ford Focus Active. In contrast, the Koreans have made many more changes to the bodywork, so those who do not want to recognise it as the Ceed in a new shape, probably do not have to.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucie Bílá!
"Lukáš Dvořák took about three thousand pictures of me, then we selected about a hundred of them, twelve of which are in the calendar, so the rest will have to wait for their moment. This is definitely not the last time I've posed naked," the fashion model told the Blesk. She turned up to the launch event in a very revealing outfit, as well.
Simona was so happy about the success that she kept kissing everyone she met at the launch. Her husband, friends, and even Slavík-Award winner Lucie Bílá.
Brno Grand Prix? Ticket price rise threat
Brno Grand Prix
– the costs in the past five years: CZK 686 million
– the profits in the past five years: CZK 682 million
As reported by the Rovnost daily newspaper, the local government representatives of South Moravia Region and Brno are also discussing the possibility of using advertising to tackle the problem of acquiring money for the Grand Prix. "Dorna imposes a condition that all advertisements must be located in places which are not visible in the shots of cameras. The choice of companies is also limited, because in the case that Dorna already has a general sponsor, another company from the same industry can't become a sponsor," explained Vaňková.
Hurdler Vít Müller is taking part in the heats on Friday, and Marcela Joglová is set to run the night-time marathon.
Šafránková produced a throw of 65.46 metres with her third attempt and was nearly six metres behind her personal best this year, which she would have to improve in order to advance to the next round. Maláčová jumped 435 cm; however, the height of 450 cm was above her abilities. To take part in the finals she would have to go over 460 cm.
Mezuliáníková, who received her Championship invitation from the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) in the last minute, finished next to the last, at sixth place, in the fourth heats. Her time of 2:03.48 minutes proved not to be enough for her to advance to the semi-finals. She was behind her personal best this year by one and a half second. "It was quite fast for me. Unfortunately, I jostled with one of the competitors around the bend, which made me lose some of my strength. I thought I still had enough strength, but I was slowed down there. I almost stopped running and had to start again, so in this aspect, it was a bit unpleasant. I can't say I'm entirely happy," said the Czech national team member.
The best 800-metre runner of recent years, Caster Semenya of South Africa, will miss Doha this year. The levels of testosterone in her body are too high, but just as some other female runners, she refuses treatments, which are newly required by the IAAF rules this year.
Cuba's Juan Miguel Echevarría was in great form as early as in the long jump qualifying round. He managed to jump 840 cm at his first attempt. No athlete has managed to jump this far in the World Championship qualifying rounds in the past 20 years. The 21-year-old Cuban is leading this year's tables with his performance of 865 cm.
Oscar-nominated French film Les Miserables is to open the Be2Can Festival
After the success in Cannes, Ladj Ly's directorial debut feature was presented and awarded at a number of other international festivals. The film won in the best film and best screenplay categories at the Durban International Film Festival. It was also presented at the International Film Festivals in Zurich, Shanghai, Munich, Melbourne, Sarajevo, and will soon feature in San Sebastian.
Throughout the Festival, the audiences can also look forward to other films, such as Synonyms; Young Ahmed; System Crasher; So Long, My Son; Sorry, We Missed You; Ghost Town Anthology and The Golden Glove. In addition to this, they can also look forward to other brand-new movies from this year's Venice festival which will go into the Czech film distribution: the sci-fi Ad Astra, Joker, and the Czech triumph The Painted Bird.
Which cities will disappear under the sea?
A vote taken in the Upper House of the Canadian Parliament has confirmed the news that has been going around for a few days: Canada is revoking the honorary citizenship awarded to the one-time human rights activist legend and the Nobel Peace Prize winner, Do Aung San Suu Kyi. The current leader of Myanmar (Burma), who spent years in house arrest for her efforts to bring freedom to her country, was stripped of the honorary title for her role in the genocide against the Rohingya Muslim minority group.
A recent UN report put out that an officially organized genocide was being committed in Myanmar, and Suu Kyi – the de facto Prime Minister of the government – completely failed in her duty to protect her own citizens. The report specified the names of several military commanders who should, according to the team of investigators, be tried in court for crimes against humanity committed in action, which the report describes as "shocking for both their horrifying nature and ubiquity". The UN said that Suu Kyi and her administration was complicit mainly in that she covered for the actions committed by the soldiers, and that she spread a fog of lies to protect them – such as that the actions were "antiterrorist operations".
With Suu Kyi struck off, there remain five honorary Canadian citizens on the list: Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, Nelson Mandela, the 14th Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso, the 49th Imam of the Shia Ismaili Muslims Karim Aga Khan IV, and Malala Yousafzai.
Microplastics found in human stools, a study confirms for the first time
Her younger son Harry made the same gesture when he went to the same site she visited 22 years ago. He went to the mine clearance site at Dirico, Angola, and he too donned a special protective body armour while being deep in thought. He surely couldn't help thinking back to his beloved mum, whom he lost when he was only 13 years of age.
He did not forget to mention her on his official Instagram account either: "The Duke is honoured to be visiting a place and a community that were so special to his mother, to recognize her tireless mission as an advocate for all those she (Diana) felt needed her voice the most, even if the issue was not universally popular," read the Sussex Royal Instagram post.
However, royal fans may have been disappointed at Harry not taking his wife Meghan (38) and their son Archie (4 months) along on this expedition to bring back memories of Diana. They both have had a separate programme from Harry's since Wednesday, presumably to ensure their safety. Granted, taking a small baby to a minefield doesn't sound too safe, and Harry doesn't want to put his beloved family in harm's way under any circumstances.
Only children. Our procreation is uncertain, but there is no need to scaremonger
The official tourist authority states that roughly 95 per cent of its energy already come from renewable resources – in 2017 Costa Rica ran for 300 days solely on renewable power.
"In Prague, I would certainly visit the Czech Technical University to see the model of what smart cities will look like. At Charles University, I would visit the Institute of Anatomy at the Faculty of Medicine, which is not normally open to the public," advises Jitřenka Navrátilová, the national coordinator of Researchers' Night.
"Then I would go to the Czech University of Life Sciences and watch the film called Green Desert," adds Navrátilová. Nine laboratories will also provide tours with commentary. The motto of this year's Researchers' Night is "planet-friendly".
The Court in Svitavy sentenced the mother to two years in prison with a two-year suspended sentence. However, the Pardubice department of the Regional Court cleared the woman of charges in appeal proceedings ruling that the actions do not constitute a crime. The same verdict was issued by the Regional Court after it was ordered by the Supreme Court to make a new decision.
The Regional Court stated that the situation in which one parent manipulates a child against the other are by no means exceptional. They are dealt with in guardianship proceedings, alternatively with the help of psychologists or youth social care authorities. Criminal law is only applied in exceptional cases.
However, according to the Prosecutor General the woman committed offences of both child abuse and putting a child's development at risk. "The defendant was fully intentionally arousing negative feelings in her daughter against her father, and has wilfully solidified these negative emotions in her. By doing so, she was pursuing an illegitimate intention to reduce or eliminate the minor's contact with her father, while being certainly aware that this would negatively impact the minor in the psychosocial sphere," states the appeal.
"Such terms were used by the Nazis who often used these terms to refer to people of Jewish origin, and by the Communists who often referred like this to their political opponents. This rhetoric is totalitarian and does not have a shred of respect towards a person and an opinion," wrote Czernin to the Minister. Czernin is the Deputy Chair of TOP 09, who will compete with Markéta Pekarová Adamová, the current first Deputy Chair, for the post of the Chair of the party in autumn.
Destroyed shops, fire on streets, a memorial march accompanied by unrest
The mostly peaceful procession was marred by small groups of vandals who were destroying everything along the way. The vandals damaged shops and hotels, had no scruples about damaging historic landmarks, set fires in the city and broke windows.
Over 142 people were detained in the investigation, but none of them were convicted. Many had to be freed because their human rights had been violated. The investigators allegedly tortured the suspects, adds APTN.
Mahulena Bočanová broke her annual detox and is naughty again!
Jaromír Soukup talks about Gott: He wishes him, first and foremost, peace and quiet
TV presenter and entrepreneur Jaromír Soukup (50) doesn't duck any issue. He publicly comments on various topics in his ‘Call and Write to the Boss’ TV programme. He does not shy away from tabloid current affairs either and discusses them with humour and a sharp-edged wit. However, this time he didn't feel like fun and games.
"It has shown that young Czechs think their own knowledge of financial matters is greater than it actually is. A significantly greater proportion of incorrect answers was given by women and respondents who have not taken their secondary school final exams," said Jaroslava Palendalová, the CEO of KRUK.
Saving money and making investments are preferred by 94 per cent of young people.
The strategy of making savings was supported by 100 per cent of married people who have two or more children and by public sector employees. Conversely, people who live alone and have an income of over 30 thousand Czech crowns a month are more likely to prefer spending their money.
A gamekeeper hurt in a fall from a high seat, he was carried to the ambulance for three hours
The unfortunate accident occurred in an upland region near Čertův mlýn before 7.30 p.m.
"The terrain there is very rough and hard to go through, so five of our rescue workers had to be sent with appropriate technical equipment to the injured man. Simultaneously, we asked the Moravia-Silesia Emergency Medical Service for assistance. The paramedics then sent an ambulance to the site," Libor Kluz, the Beskids Mountain Rescue controller, described the circumstances around the rescue action.
According to Radan Jaškovský, the accredited chief of the Beskids Mountain Rescue and a responding rescuer in one person, the gamekeeper's colleague was luckily able to describe in detail the injured man's whereabouts.
Zeman the preservationist – the man who stretches the Constitution calls upon enforcing the law
Babiš calls for security cooperation at the Victims of Terrorism Memorial
On 27th September 2019, Prime Minister Andrej Babiš and his wife Monika visited the memorial to the victims of terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 at Ground Zero, New York.
"It's a very moving place," said the Prime Minister when he, accompanied by his wife Monika, laid a white rose at the names of Lukáš Rambousek and Czechoslovak emigrant Alena Sešínová. Both were among the more than 2,750 people who died in the attack when hijacked planes hit the former World Trade Centre twin towers. The memorial with the names of the victims is now on the site of the collapsed WTC towers.
"We need to remember what happened here, the horror of it all," said Babiš. The Prime Minister described the September 11, 2001 attack on the USA as the reason why the United Nations should cooperate in the joint fight against international terrorism. As well as destroying the WTC towers, the terrorists crashed one of the hijacked planes into the Department of Defense building in Washington, D.C. They were also planning to hit another target in Washington, D.C., presumably the White House or the Congress. However, this plane fell down when the passengers stood up to the hijackers.
Which team they'll challenge in the grand finale in Paris on Sunday will be decided on Friday following the match between France and Serbia.
As for the home line-up, both spikers Čebulj and Urnaut presented themselves in their best form, and so did the second opposite spiker Štern, who soon replaced insipid Gasparini. The Poles felt the consequences of having been clear winners of all prior matches in this Euros, while the Slovenes have been gaining confidence after tough battles in play-offs against Bulgaria and Russia.
Slovenia was beaten by Poland with a score of 1-3 in the Olympics qualifier in Gdańsk in August, but retaliated the defeat on their home ground. However, they will now leave the sold-out Stožica arena in Ljubljana. Today's match has secured them the second medal in their history, nevertheless. In Paris, they can improve their unexpected silver from the European Championship held four years ago.
Slovenia placed eighth in the last European Championship, below the Czech Republic's national team.
Twenty-six years later, from the USA to Russia, Turkey to Poland, and Hungary to Italy, we tend to see more illiberal models taking the lead, and various forms of nationalism and radicalism are advancing. Fukuyama's new book (his ninth) titled ‘Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment’, seeks to grapple with these rising forces. In his interview with George Eaton for the New Statesman it was apparent that he has re-evaluated many of his former views: he claims that the ideas of socialism should return to the public space, and Marx was right in many aspects. At the same time though, he maintains that his thought development is still in tune with his stance in the 1990s, and that the critics of ‘The End of History and the Last Man’ must have misunderstood the book.
Soldiers are rehearsing, close your curtains. China prepares for celebrations on a massacre site
Several Chinese people told Reuters they were proud that their country would show off its military might. Still, one woman said that it could hardly be ignored that the celebrations would unsettle other countries.
She was probably referring to Taiwan, which China claims and which has an upcoming election now. There may also be some concern in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, where thousands of people keep protesting against the Chief Executive appointed by China.
The People's Republic of China was founded in 1949 after the Communists, led by Mao Zedong, defeated Chiang Kai-shek's nationalists, who then retreated to Taiwan.
In the second half of the 1960s, China was subjected to a catastrophic Communist experiment in the form of the Cultural Revolution. In June 1989 the regime massacred with tanks thousands of pro-democratic protesters, mostly students and workers, in Tiananmen Square.
No Czechs or children permitted. The Czech Trade Inspection Authority uncovers discrimination in restaurants
Going on holiday only with a payment card? NEO account offers free withdrawals from cash machines all over the world!
Motivated immigrants needed. A senior consultant at a children's clinic puts together an international team of doctors, we bring you their stories
Ledjona Toni is an Albanian national who studied medicine in the Czech language. Today, hardly anyone can tell she is a foreigner.
Hundreds of medical students from abroad study in Czechia, where they could later stay and work. Some of them were asked by the Paediatric Clinic at Motol in Prague to work there.
Tara Hussein Tayeb had to get up very early in order to arrive at Motol Hospital in Prague by 5 p.m. The short-haired Kurdish woman flew over to Czechia from Sulaymaniyah, a city in northeast Iraq, where she works as a paediatrician at a hospital. Furthermore, she treats young patients in a private practice in the afternoons. She also teaches at university.
Spilková on par. She is about to advance to the next round after the first round in Indianapolis
Golfer Klára Spilková is about to advance to the final rounds after the first round of the Tech Championship in Indianapolis. She played two birdies, two bogeys, and finished on par on the first day of the LPGA tournament on Thursday. With a result of 72, she finished tied for 69th place, which is the expected cut.
Spilková (24) returned to the course a month ago after a two-month medical break and failed to advance to the second half of the tournament in Portland. She had taken some rest due to tiredness and exhaustion after an untreated illness.
The first Czech winner of a professional tournament at the European LET series is a member of the LPGA Tour this year for the first time, and has not been doing very well so far. Out of twelve tournaments, she made the cut three times. Her best place was 32nd in Hawaii. She is thus fighting to keep the card for the next season.
The start of the tournament in Indianapolis was played best by South Korean Hur Mi-jung. After the first round, she had a score of -9 and is ahead of three competitors by two strokes.
The Prague Stock Exchange grows moderately; Czech banks, O2 and Avast are doing well
The Prague Stock Exchange closed the trading week with a moderate growth. The PX Index increased by 0.13 per cent (1038.45 points). It was pulled up by Czech banks, the O2 telecommunications company and the Avast technology company. Conversely, the Austrian titles and the CME media company did not do so well. This has been shown in the trading results on the Stock Exchange website.
Our banks have partially adjusted the decline of recent days. Komerční banka has improved its position by 0.82 per cent to 803 Czech crowns and Moneta Money Bank by 0.41 per cent to 72.80 Czech crowns. Avast shares increased in value by 0.89 per cent to 113 Czech crowns and the O2 operator O2 increased by 0.46 per cent to 216.50 Czech crowns.
Kofola saw the biggest growth in securities, by 1.38 per cent to 294 Czech crowns. Just short of one per cent was gained by the Philip Morris tobacco company, whose shares went up to 13,640 Czech crowns.
The shares of the ČEZ energy company stagnated at the Thursday value of 520 Czech crowns.
A heart as strong as steel and a non-smoker's lungs. I'll just have a few infusions, jokes Zeman
The iDNES.cz editors have contacted the Military Hospital asking them to comment on the claims made by Zeman about his health.
Scientists look for toddlers with a congenital deformity called ankle valgus for a study
Pike in the pond, or a relatively wealthy open-air museum?
Both the current legislation and slow, inefficient bureaucracy are the biggest stumbling blocks here. This view is also supported by comparative studies which show the Czech Republic substantially lagging behind advanced countries in terms of the overall quality and performance of public administration.
Nečesaný demands CZK 45 million from the state
The Ministry of Justice spokesman, Vladimír Řepka, said that six requests related to this legal case have been received so far and are presently being analysed by the Ministry. The young man served two years in prison for attacking the woman; however, the judiciary has now issued a final judgement to acquit him of charges.
The attempted murder of the hairdresser happened in Hořice in February 2013. The Hradec Králové Prosecutor's Office charged Nečesaný, who was a 20-year-old grammar school student at the time, with the crime. The prosecution maintained that he hit the woman multiple times in the head with a log and then took more than ten thousand Czech crowns from her. The seriously injured woman was found by her son, and her life was saved by the doctors in Hradec Králové Hospital.
During the initial questioning by the police, the hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor. However, she identified Nečesaný as the attacker later. The court experts said that she was experiencing lapses of memory loss as a result of the attack.
The Regional Court in Hradec Králové pronounced five successive verdicts in relation to the case. Nečesaný was initially found guilty two times and was given a 16-year prison sentence. Then the High Court of Appeal reduced the sentence to 13 years. Nečesaný went behind bars twice consecutively, but was released both times after the Supreme Court's interventions. After the ordered change of the Chamber of Court, verdicts of not guilty were repeatedly issued, the last of which was confirmed by the High Court in March this year.
"The problem in this legal case is not that there was not enough evidence, but the way the evidence was evaluated. We are of the opinion that enough evidence was gathered in the preliminary procedure, which would have been more than sufficient to issue a guilty verdict in different criminal cases," said Lněnička.
Nevertheless, both the Hradec Court and the High Court had a different view of the case, and their opinion is not likely to change even if the acquittal was invalidated.
It took almost a year for the doctors to find an ideal combination of drugs that made the seizures stop completely. Then when he was five, the doctors took him off the medicines. Because the seizures didn't come back, his parents thought that Honza was healthy again and started to encourage him to do sports. He started to cycle, ski, play tennis and floorball. He spent his free time playing with his sister and friends. However, when he was eleven, he had another seizure and everything started again.
"The Office for Competition Protection has allowed a merger of competitors – XLCEE-Holding GmbH as one party, and the companies Kika Furniture and Lambda Properties Czechia as the other party, provided that the conditions of fulfilling structural obligations put in place in order to maintain effective economic competition will be met," said the OCP spokesman, Martin Švanda.
Beside the XXX Lutz retail chain, XLCEE-Holding also owns Möbelix stores. If they absorb the Kika retail chain as well, they'll cover too large a section of the Czech furniture and accessories market. They must therefore sell off a part of the company they are acquiring.
The Kika retail chain entered the Czech market in 2005 and is number two here after Sweden's IKEA. Before it was acquired by the Austrian Signa company, it had been part of the South African Steinhoff International Holdings from 2013. Steinhoff was faced with problems when discrepancies had been found in their account books. Kika has nine retail stores in Czechia.
A library marks the anniversary of Wenceslas IV's death with a manuscripts exhibition
The documents exhibition titled ‘Ad mandatum domini Regis: From the Royal Office and Library of Wenceslas IV’ has been prepared by the Library in cooperation with the National Archives. The National Archives have conceptualized the written heritage created during the reign of Wenceslas IV from the official documents perspective, whereas the National Library from the perspective of literary works, commented on the exhibition its creator, Jan Vojtíšek.
The Epistles of Peter of Blois will also be on display, whose historiated initial H (enrico) features the half-figure of King Henry II of England. The ornaments were most likely created by the Master of the History of Samson, who in addition to two volumes of the Bible of Wenceslas IV also created ornaments in a number of other manuscripts. Visitors can also view a Latin collection of tracts by John Wycliffe from around 1411 to 1414.
On the National Holiday Saturday, a Clementinum exhibition called ‘What is Hiding under the Floor’ featuring local archaeological finds will also welcome visitors free of charge.
Kristýna Plíšková has not made it to the finals, she misses the second title
Tashkent has proved to be good for Plíšková. In 2016, she won her first WTA tournament there and played very confidently this year as well.
After winning over Paolini, Kawa and Kužmová, she advanced to the best four players.
However, the match against Alison Van Uytvanck was not going well for Kristýna. The Belgian did not drop her serve, and in the first set she broke Plíšková's service twice. In the second set Van Uytvanck soon took a 3-0 lead. Kristýna did not manage to turn the game around, despite successfully converting a break point in the end. In the last one, she fended off a match point, however it ended with the second one.
Petra Černocká changed her image and the result is great! She looks younger with blond hair
Ladies should learn from Saxana not to undermine themselves and be adventurous with their looks even when they are about to hit the age of 70. It has paid off for Petra, as she looks fifty at most.
Traveller Zikmund and General Boček. Commemorative medals given out by the Senate
In his speech, Kubera warned against divisions in society. "Let's not forget our roots, which make us who we are and bring us together whether we want it or not. After all, these are precisely the values that our successful present has emerged from," said Kubera.
Among the awardees were Renata Cífková, a cardiologist and the most cited Czech female scientist; Petr Sáha, a long-serving rector at Tomáš Baťa University in Zlín; Václav Cílek, a geologist, writer, traveller and science populariser; Jiří Hamza, the president of the Czech Biathlon Union and vice-president of the International Biathlon Union; and František Paštěka. The Upper House awarded Paštěka a medal for his heroism in saving the lives of his neighbour and the neighbour's two-year-old granddaughter, when he pulled them out of their burning car in January this year. Libuše Benešová and Milan Štěch, both former Chairs of the Upper House, also received medals.
Luboš Perek, an astronomer and the emeritus chief of the United Nations Office for Outer Space, received his medal in advance, on the occasion of his 100th birthday in July. By the end of this year, these awards are to be given to Madeleine Albright, the Czech-born first female U.S. Secretary of State; and Roger Scruton, a British philosopher and political scientist, who among other things took part in running a so-called underground university in former Czechoslovakia during the communist regime.
An application that helps equip workshops. With points rewarded for moving around
New hand tools for the woodwork workshop in the Multi-Disciplinary School in Hodonín. This can now be earned by all those who download the ‘Give Help by Moving’ EPP application into their mobile phones.