Why the Queen made an error of judgement on proroguing Parliament - Joyce McMillan
Amid all the sound, fury, and swings of the constitutional wrecking-ball that have accompanied the latest traumatic episode in Britain's Brexit crisis, one question has therefore been nagging at the back of my mind; the question of what exactly happened on the morning of 28 August, when Jacob Rees-Mogg, as Lord President of the Council, presented himself at Balmoral, where the Queen was on her usual late summer holiday, to seek the royal assent to the exceptional five-week prorogation of Parliament proposed by the Prime Minister.
For the truth is that on that day, the Queen and her advisers seem to have made an error of judgment, of the kind they have almost entirely avoided, in her 67-year reign to date; and arguably a much more serious one than the intervention in the Scottish independence referendum suggested by David Cameron in his memoir, which, after all, amounted to no more than the Queen suggesting people "think carefully" before casting their votes, a phrase which only a dyed-in-the-wool Unionist would interpret as meaning that they should necessarily vote for the status quo.
This time, though, warning bells should have sounded in the royal household as soon as they heard that the new Prime Minister was proposing such a long prorogation in the run-up to the Brexit deadline date; and a couple of quick concerned phone calls from palace to Downing Street should have been enough to persuade the PM to shorten his pre-Queen's Speech prorogation to the usual length of a few days or a week.
So what went wrong?
We will probably never know, or not for decades.
Or it may be, as some republican thinkers would suggest, that the whole idea of the Queen as a wise and moderate sovereign, who always hopes to promote the wellbeing of her subjects, is simply another layer of royalist mythology, disguising an edifice of wealth and inherited privilege which, under stress, will unhesitatingly assist a right-wing government in undermining institutions - Scottish, British or European - that might threaten that traditional power structure.
Whatever the truth about the Queen's role in the prorogation, though, this much is clear; that as the current Brexit crisis is testing Britain's unwritten constitution to its limits, and provoking a dangerous moment of open constitutional warfare among government, parliament and the courts, it has also succeeded in undermining the monarch's conventional stabilising role in that constitution, associating her with a rash act that has now been declared unlawful, by a government that commands no parliamentary majority.
Yet now, England's fierce dream of a glorious past, filtered through layers of 21st-century lies and delusion, is starting to shape all of our futures on these islands; and we will all have to live in that landscape of dream or nightmare, until we find our own ways - with or without the Queen, and inside or outside the UK - of resisting the lies, rejecting the illusion, and coming together to re-engage with reality of our lives, as citizens of the 21st century.
How much is Kelvin Fletcher paid for Strictly, who is his wife and why did he leave Emmerdale?
FORMER Emmerdale cast member Kelvin Fletcher has swapped the Dales for the dancefloor on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing 2019.
But what do we know about him?
How much is Kelvin Flecther being paid for Strictly Come Dancing?
Kelvin first joined Emmerdale at the tender age of six-years-old in 1996.
Speaking to host Emmon Holmes and Ruth Langsford, he explained: "Twenty years is a long time.
It's been an incredible twenty years.
I am so grateful to Emmerdale.
He added: "What started out as a hobby at six years old - I was then able to do something like that every day on a professional platform on one of the country's greatest shows.
I have been extremely lucky.
African Cooperation On Peace 'Increasingly Strong', Security Council Told
African countries are building increasingly strong partnerships for advancing peace and security, as well as inclusive sustainable development across the continent, the Security Council heard on Thursday, during a briefing by the UN Secretary-General's Chef de Cabinet, Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti.
Ms. Viotti recognized the African Union and Member States' success in achieving important milestones in their pursuit for higher effectiveness, self-reliance and cooperation, and welcomed the work of the African Union Mediation Support Unit and the FemWise Network of African Women in Conflict Prevention and Mediation, which are, she said, "boosting capacity to defuse crises and making such efforts more inclusive."
Ms. Viotti went on to outline some of the progress being made in certain African countries, such as the peace talks, led by the African Union, in the Central African Republic which led a Political Agreement which is being overseen by the UN; the signing of a Constitutional Declaration in Sudan, which has allowed for the establishment of a civilian-led government, following efforts led by Ethiopia and the African Union (AU), with UN support; and free and fair elections in Madagascar, supported by the Southern Africa Development Community, the African Union, and UN.
Cooperation between the UN, African Union and other partners in the area of elections is growing, said Ms. Viotti, citing visits organized by the UN Office for West Africa to several countries, ahead of legislative or presidential elections, over the last two years.
More effective support needed from international community
"Building partnerships and harnessing their power requires long-term vision and commitment," Ms. Viotti told the Security Council, adding that the Secretary-General is looking forward to "even greater partnership and collaboration, enabling the African Union to achieve its 2063 vision of equitable, people-centred transformation and lasting peace and security."
Belfast High Court dismisses no-deal Brexit case
Three applicants appealed against a Belfast High Court judgment that rejected their challenge against the UK government's handling of the Brexit process.
The three challenges focused on various aspects of a no-deal Brexit on 31 October.
During the appeal hearing last week, Mr McCord's barrister Ronan Lavery QC told the court that if a Brexit extension could not be secured by the government in the absence of a deal, then the default position should be halting Brexit - through the revocation of Article 50 - rather than exiting with no deal.
I hope I am proven wrong.
I don't want it to affect the peace process.
I don't want people to go through what my family and members of other families have went through.
I have to respect their judgment.
President Ram Nath Kovind on Thursday said the participation of women in the field of science in the country is far from satisfactory and steps need to be taken to ensure greater involvement of girl students in the area.
In this context, he said Project Director of Chandrayaan-2 mission M Vanitha and Mission Director Ritu Karidhal have become household names.
Science and Technology Minister Harsh Vardhan, Principal Scientific Advisor K VijayRaghavan and CSIR Director General Shekhar Mande were also present at the event.
Joker is chilling, unnerving and absolutely brilliant
Joker is a character study that explores how a mentally ill aspiring stand-up comedian, Arthur Fleck, becomes the homicidal clown we're familiar with, and the film deftly walks the tightrope of making him a somewhat sympathetic character without pushing this aspect too far.
The balancing act is truly engaging.
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.
"Opening Saudi Arabia to international tourists is a historic moment for our country," tourism chief Ahmed al-Khateeb said in a statement.
Foreign women, however, will be required to wear "modest clothing," he added, without elaborating.
Fears of a regional conflict after the September 14 attacks on state oil giant Aramco may also dampen the kingdom's appeal to holidaymakers.
But the kingdom currently lacks the infrastructure to accomodate visitors in such high numbers, with officials estimating 500,000 new hotel rooms will be required nationwide over the coming decade.
Wells Fargo taps BNY Mellon's Charles Scharf as CEO
Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) named banking veteran Charles Scharf as chief executive officer on Friday, the lender's third CEO since a wide-ranging sales scandal erupted three years ago.
Scharf will take over from interim CEO Allen Parker, who was thrust into the position in March when former CEO Tim Sloan resigned abruptly.
Sloan had said increased pressure from politicians and regulators had become a distraction in running the scandal-plagued bank.
Internal and regulatory probes since the scandal have uncovered other issues in each of the bank's primary businesses, resulting in billions of dollars in fines, penalties and an unprecedented cap on its balance sheet by the Federal Reserve.
Most recently, Scharf was heading Bank of New York Mellon (BK.N).
Separately, BNY Mellon named finance head Thomas Gibbons as its CEO on an interim basis.
"Scharf's first task will be appeasing regulators and making the changes necessary to remove the asset cap currently in place," Kleinhanzl said.
He was named Dimon's assistant six months into the job at Commercial Credit, according to an alumni magazine for the NYU stern business school.
Sloan's total compensation for the year was $18.4 million.
Reporting by Munsif Vengattil, Shariq Khan in Bengaluru and Elizabeth Dilts in New York; Writing by Sweta Singh; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Anil D'Silva
Parents Arrested In Suspicious Death Of 4-Year-Old Palmdale Boy Noah Cuatro - CBS Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) - The parents of 4-year-old Palmdale boy Noah Cuatro who died in July under suspicious circumstances were arrested Thursday, officials confirmed.
Jose Cuatro and Ursula Juarez were arrested for the murder of their son, Noah, on September 26, 2019, at approximately 8:00 a.m., the Los Angeles County Sheriffs Dept. announced.
Even though we're talking today about the arrest of his parents, we will be back some point in the future to hold that agency accountable for the death of this little boy.
In 2016, according to the Times, Noah was removed from the home and placed in foster care for two years.
He was returned to his parents' custody in November 2018.
Hernandez said she often cared for her great-grandson.
"He begged me, "grandma, let me stay, don't do this to me, don't send me back,"" Hernandez said.
Rugby World Cup 2019: Warren Gatland announces Wales line-up for Australia showdown
Warren Gatland has named an unchanged team for Wales' Pool D showdown against Australia, with Alun Wyn Jones set to become the country's most-capped player when he leads his side out in Tokyo.
The Wales skipper wins his 130th cap, breaking the previous record held by prop Gethin Jenkins.
Gatland has placed his faith in the starting XV that secured a 43-14 victory over Georgia four days ago, this despite the knocks suffered by centre Hadleigh Parkes and hooker Ken Owens.
There is one switch among the replacements, with Ospreys centre Owen Watkin taking over from Leigh Halfpenny.
Gatland's side features nine survivors from Wales' narrow win against the Wallabies last November.
There are also further opportunities for prop Wyn Jones and flanker Aaron Wainwright after they made their Rugby World Cup debuts in the Georgia game.
And flanker Aaron Shingler will again provide second-row bench cover for starting locks Jake Ball and Alun Wyn Jones.
Should Australia claim victory - in what would make for their 14th win from the last 15 meetings between these two sides - Gatland's men could find themselves on a collision course for a last-eight encounter with England.
Buy a classic Guardian photograph: Myanmar by David Levene
In 2016, Guardian photographer David Levene and architecture critic Oliver Wainwright visited Yangon to document its changing face, amid huge political upheaval and a flood of foreign investment.
Here, a young man sells fruit at a roadside stall beneath a rudimentary striplight (Wainwright is pictured just beyond him, wearing a blue T-shirt).
World Cup is shop window that will improve team, says Canada captain
Canada rugby captain Tyler Ardron is under no illusions of the monumentality of the task facing his side in their next two World Cup fixtures but said it would put his players in the "shop window" and ultimately help improve the team in the long run.
The North Americans were beaten 48-7 by Italy in their Pool B opener at Fukuoka Hakatanomori Stadium on Thursday and now face three-times world champions New Zealand on Oct. 2 in Oita before meeting South Africa on Oct. 8 in Kobe.
Ardron, one of the few Canadians playing in a top-tier club competition - for New Zealand club Waikato Chiefs in the international Super Rugby competition - recognized his side were unlikely to upset either of the southern hemisphere nations.
For a lot of guys this is a shop window and hopefully some of them can put on a hell of a performance out there and get a contract.
Wins on the field may be few and far between for tier-two nations at the tournament, such as Uruguay's victory over Fiji in Kamaishi on Wednesday.
Canada coach Kingsley Jones, however, said Thursday's performance had been a major step up for his side, which has struggled internationally for a number of years and was the last to qualify for the tournament.
The advent of Major League Rugby (MLR) in North America launched two years ago, however, is an important development in bridging the gap between tier-one and tier-two nations and for the development of players in Canada and the United States, he said.
"That's a big step in the right direction," he said.
House blocks Trump national emergency over border, setting up veto
President Donald Trump speaks while participating in a tour of border wall prototypes.
The House voted Friday to block the national emergency declaration President Donald Trump is using to fund his proposed border wall.
Eleven Republicans and one independent supported it.
He already vetoed a measure to end the emergency declaration in March.
Neither chamber of Congress appears to have the two-thirds majority needed to override the president's opposition.
A handful of Republicans in both the House and Senate also had concerns about the precedent Trump's declaration would set for executive overreach in the future.
"If you can find out some of the mechanisms you can look at potential interventions," she added.
The latest study, yet to be peer-reviewed or published, will be presented at the European Respiratory Society international congress in Madrid.
The team divided England and Wales into 35,000 areas, each containing approximately 1,500 residents, and looked at the annual death rates for babies up to one-year-old, together with the average annual levels for three pollutants.
The results held across all three pollutants, with the odds of death 7% worse for NO2, 4% worse for PM10 and 19% worse for SO2.
Prof Mireille Toledano, an expert in population child health at Imperial College London, said the study confirmed that air pollution is a major public health hazard, adding that current standards are failing to protect people.
Woods said the study mirrored previous findings, adding that children cannot protect their own lungs.
Shahin Indorewala is suing the firm, claiming that she was discriminated against.
Shahin Indorewala had a job working with children with autism, but she wanted to gain more experience in marketing.
Now, Indorewala is suing the company, claiming that she was discriminated against because of her religion when she asked to use break time to pray.
The CEO, Ramses Gavilondo, disputes her version of events, saying Indorewala decided she did not want the job.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations, which brought the lawsuit on Indorewala's behalf, held a brief news conference outside Fast Trak's Falls Church office on Wednesday, when CAIR labeled Fast Trak "a company that disregarded federal law and chose not to hire her because of her faith."
Indorewala asked if she could take a shorter lunch break, so she could take two five-minute breaks during the workday to pray.
She said, 'That's not going to work.
We have fixed hours here,' " Indorewala said.
"Am I really being made fun of for my religion in public in what's supposed to be a professional workplace? . . .
Clearly I was being discriminated against because of my religion," Indorewala said at the news conference.
That was it.
I just kind of quietly left the office.
Someone came for an interview.
They didn't want to work here. . . .
And he said he had not made fun of her hijab: "I'm not a fashion expert.
People can wear whatever they want."
Trump is divisive in Australia and his friendship with Morrison may alienate some Australian voters, which means copying the President is no guarantee of victory.
"The future does not belong to globalists.
The future belongs to patriots," Trump said at the United Nations on Tuesday.
"We will be more secure and prosperous in a global order based on agreed rules, not one based on the exercise of power alone," Morrison told Asialink in Sydney in June.
Zvamaida Murwira in NEW YORK, United States
The President said this here during his address to the 74th Ordinary Session of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA 74).
"Furthermore, sanctions are slowing down our progress, inhibiting our economic recovery and punishing the poorest and most vulnerable," he said.
"My country applauds the South African Development Community, the African Union and all those who stand with us in demanding the immediate and unconditional removal of these illegal sanctions," said President Mnangagwa.
Zimbabwe deserves a restart.
Japan has raised its caution level about North Korea's missile capability, saying in a defense report that the country resumed missile tests while taking no concrete denuclearization steps and had succeeded in making miniaturized warheads.
Its reaction to the North's recent tests contrasts to the low-key U.S. response.
Since the second U.S.-North Korea summit collapsed this year, North Korea has fired 10 short-range missiles and projectiles deemed new and upgraded.
Phoning in Mike Graham's show on talkRADIO, Bob said: "I think it's a watershed moment because the Brexit blockers in Parliament are beginning to show their true colours."
It's not that they want a deal for Brexit, they just don't want Brexit.
Mr Barnier told reporters: "We are still ready to work on any new legal and operational proposal from the EU."
Mr Bercow said: "I think there's a widespread sense across the House and beyond that yesterday the House did itself no credit."
Trump Attacks Whistleblower Sources, Suggests Complaint Is Treason: Reports
The president made the remark as acting Director of National Intelligence Joseph Maguire testified before the House Intelligence Committee about the complaint, which prompted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) on Tuesday to announce the opening of an impeachment inquiry into Trump.
The whistleblower, an unnamed U.S. intelligence officer, alleges several White House officials accused Trump of pressuring Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during a July phone call to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son Hunter.
Biden is a front-runner in the Democratic race to challenge Trump's reelection in 2020.
"Who's the person who gave the whistleblower the information?
Because that's close to a spy," the president continued.
We used to handle it a little differently than we do now.
The House Intelligence Committee released the declassified complaint Thursday ahead of Maguire's hearing.
The complainant alleges Trump's call with Zelensky amounted to an "abuse of his office for personal gain" and that White House officials were directed by White House lawyers to store a transcript of the call in an electronic system used to handle classified information.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) condemned Trump's attacks on the whistleblower and his or her sources.
"The President's suggestion that those involved in the whistleblower complaint should be dealt with as "we used to do" for "spies and treason" is a reprehensible invitation to violence against witnesses in our investigation," Schiff tweeted.
Fife Flyers expect toughest test yet in Belfast Giants double-header
That's according to head coach Todd Dutiaume who wants his team to rise to the challenge against last season's Elite League champions, with a ferry trip to the Northern Irish capital on Saturday followed by the return match at Fife Ice Arena on Sunday.
With a win and a defeat each, Flyers and Belfast both have two points after two games in Challenge Cup Group B.
The Kirkcaldy side will need to find a way past former netminder Shane Owen, who moved to Belfast in the summer after an impressive season between the pipes in Fife.
"We have a tremendous amount of respect not only for Shane but all our former players," Dutiaume said.
While the cup takes focus this weekend, Flyers have enjoyed a positive start to their league campaign, sitting top of the standings despite a 4-2 defeat in Guildford on Sunday that saw the team endure a 24-hour round bus trip.
Nancy Pelosi is subject of book by daughter Christine Pelosi
An upcoming book on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi comes from someone who knows her well, daughter Christine Pelosi.
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday.
According to Skyhorse, Christine Pelosi will weave together "the professional and personal experiences" of her mother.
Christine Pelosi is a Democratic Party strategist and author of "Campaign Boot Camp" and "Campaign Boot Camp 2.0."
Pelosi's sister, Alexandra Pelosi, is a filmmaker and journalist who has made several documentaries about contemporary politics.
The Taoiseach has opened a new Consulate General of Ireland in Los Angeles.
Leo Varadkar was accompanied by the Mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti at the ceremony.
The head of the regional administration said Friday the fire was extinguished Thursday night after nearly 24 hours.
Interior Minister Christophe Castaner said people in fragile health should remain indoors through Friday night.
Toyota Motor plans to raise its stake in Subaru to more than 20% from around 17% now, a deal that would also see the smaller firm invest in Japan's top automaker, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday.
Such tie-ups highlight how automakers are scrambling to chase scale, manage costs and boost development.
Subaru is likely to reciprocate with a stake in Toyota that would roughly equal the value of Toyota's additional investment, one of the people told Reuters.
Subaru is particularly strong in sport-utility vehicles (SUV) and all-wheel-drive technology.
Ford Motor and Volkswagen have said they will spend billions of dollars to jointly develop electric and self-driving vehicles.
Jurgen Klopp provides update on Sadio Mane injury ahead of Liverpool's trip to Sheffield United
Sadio Mane is available for Liverpool's clash with Sheffield United on Saturday.
But Mane trained with his Liverpool teammates on Thursday and Klopp has no concerns over the forward ahead of his side's trip to Bramall Lane in Saturday's early kick-off.
"Both trained yesterday, Sadio and Div [Divock Origi], completely normal, no issues," said the Liverpool manager.
Klopp also confirmed that Xherdan Shaqiri remains sidelined while James Milner is expected to overcome a back injury he suffered in the win over MK Dons.
"Shaq is not ready yet, he's doing rehab stuff," said Klopp.
Liverpool's Allison set to resume first-team training
It will come too late for him to be considered for Saturday's lunchtime kick-off at Sheffield United but he is set to rejoin the group 24 hours later as preparations start for the Champions League tie at home to Red Bull Salzburg.
There was more good news on the injury front, with Sadio Mane fully recovered from a dead leg sustained in last weekend's win at Chelsea and fellow forward Divock Origi back after missing three matches with an ankle problem.
"Sadio Mane and Divock Origi both trained yesterday and have no issues," added Klopp.
However, Xherdan Shaqiri, who injured a calf in training on Monday, is not ready to return.
How dare you?
Police were forced to reroute the march to a location with more space.
Banging drums and holding pictures of Thunberg, protesters walked through the city center with placards reading: "For the Greta good," "Don't be a fossil fool," and "You will die of old age, we will die of climate change."
We have presented very ambitious plans to deal with these problems.
How dare you?" she said, her voice quavering with emotion.
North Korea slams US "inaction" on lifting sanctions after nuclear talks
"It draws my keen interest that it is highly topical these days in the US to hold another DPRK-US summit," the adviser said, using the initials of the country's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
On the contrary, he cited the resumption of US-South Korean military drills "which the US president personally pledged to suspend," and the ratcheting up of US sanctions against the North.
The adviser said this makes him doubt whether "a new breakthrough" could take place in US-North Korean relations through another summit.
But he left a door open.
"I came to know that President Trump is different from his predecessors in political sense and decision while watching his approach to the DPRK, so I would like to place my hope on president Trump's wise option and bold decision," he said.
"I have told Kim Jong-un what I truly believe: that, like Iran, his country is full of tremendous untapped potential, but that to realise that promise, North Korea must denuclearise," the US president said.
They met again in Vietnam in February for a second summit.
The two leaders held a brief, impromptu meeting at the Korean border in late June, and agreed to restart talks.
Indian Military Training Team Chopper Crashes In Bhutan, 2 Dead
An Indian Military Training Team (IMTRAT) helicopter crashed in eastern Bhutan on Friday, killing two people, including a Bhutanese pilot.
The chopper that took off from Khirmu in Arunachal Pradesh lost contact near Yonphula, the Army said, adding that the wreckage has been located.
The wreckage has been located.
"IAF and Army helicopters were also launched from Misamari, Guwahati and Hashimara," it added.
Boris Johnson attacks Scottish government for 'grave inadequacies'
In an interview with BBC Scotland, Mr Johnson said: "They have the highest taxes anywhere in the UK.
First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon has supported the possibility of a second independence referendum.
Writing on Twitter on Wednesday, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon described Mr Johnson as "untrustworthy, craven, not a shred of concern for the consequences of his words or actions."
Doing nothing should not be an option."
The Scottish Government has been asked for comment on the interview with Mr Johnson.
The Zimbabwean government has given the family of the late former president Robert Mugabe a go ahead to bury him in Zvimba communal lands, Mashonaland West, instead of a so-called mausoleum being constructed at the National Heroes Acre.
The family of the late former President R. G. Mugabe has expressed its desire to proceed with his burial in Zvimba.
The Mugabe family had said they don't want anything to do with the heroes acre.
So they flushed money down the drain ... Our members of parliament are going to be demanding accountability.
We want to know how much money had gone into that project and how they are going to replace that money.
The late president will be laid to rest Saturday, according to family members.
Antonio Caruso to fight Amarsanaa Tsogookhuu in Jakarta
Of course you can kick and catch the same, but the temper, the pace, it's not the same.
Some days I'll walk away, some rounds I've lost badly, but previous to that, back home, I was never getting challenged.
"You can be on the mat at any one time with three or four champions, mixing it up with them," he said.
That's the biggest change here, there's no easy rounds, there's no easy work.
Tsogookhuu (5W-1L) made his pro debut in 2016 and won the MGL-1 lightweight championship title in October, before making the move to Asia's biggest MMA promotion.
Henri's so advanced as a coach and he's seen it all, fighters from the best days to their worst days.
In the card's main event, ONE welterweight champion Zebaztian Kadestam will defend his title against Kiamrian Abbasov.
We believe there needs to be greater clarity on how renewable electricity is defined and marketed.
For the investigation, Which? analysed 355 tariffs offering renewable electricity tariffs in June 2019 and found 20 suppliers selling 100 per cent renewable electricity tariffs without contracts to buy any renewable electricity.
World Athletics Championships: MP Jabir Qualifies For 400m Hurdle Semifinals, Long Jumper M Sreeshankar Disappoints
Another 400m hurdler Dharun Ayyasamy, the national record holder, tumbled after the last hurdle in his heat to fail to qualify for the semifinals.
The 20-year-old Sreeshankar could only produce a best jump of 7.62m from his three attempts in the qualification B to finish 22nd overall.
He finished sixth in heat number five and 27th overall to miss out of the semifinals.
The first Indian to take the field on Friday was Sreeshankar, who has a personal best and national record of 8.20m.
He then fouled his third and final jump to end his campaign in disappointment.
The 11 other best performers went through to the finals with the least distance making the cut was 7.89m.
Sreeshankar's 7.62m effort here was his second worst this season.
Karen Pence Was Reportedly 'Livid' With Trump's 'Access Hollywood' Tape
Reporter Tom LoBianco, who covered Pence for The Associated Press and Indianapolis Star, reveals in his new book "Piety & Power: Mike Pence and the Taking of the White House" that Karen Pence was very unhappy with the recording.
The notorious tape featured Donald Trump in 2005 bragging about grabbing women "by the pussy" without their consent.
"Karen ... "was livid" at Trump's prurient comments in the "Access Hollywood" tape," The New York Times wrote in a Friday morning article covering LoBianco's book.
Mike Pence, an Evangelical Christian, infamously said in 2002 that he "never eats alone with a woman other than his wife and that he won't attend events featuring alcohol without her by his side."
Critics slammed Mike Pence for the comment when it resurfaced in 2017, saying it suggested he doesn't see women as professional equals and that women who work for him aren't given the same opportunities as men.
Drew Scanlon, 33, went viral when he became the face of the go-to GIF for users puzzled by some of the idiotic comments being spouted online.
Now he has cycled 120 miles from San Francisco to Wine Country for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society with a team of 10 bikers.
He also directed his large following towards his fundraising page to amass more than $37,000.
Mr Scanlon made use of his Twitter fame to raise money for the charity bike ride, saying: "Hi Internet!
This is where you come in."
Meghan Markle is determined to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and not let her own needs 'fade away' now she's a member of the Royal Family - and wants to be a role model for young boys as well as girls.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
'She wasn't referring to being a royal, but life in general when you have challenges,' Modise added, admitting she felt a bit 'awestruck' by Meghan.
She is an easy-going royal.
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now.
Angola: Minister Stresses Need to Revamp Iron Palace
Maria de Jesus said that the objective is to make better use of infrastructure and making it available to the public.
The Iron Palace is a historic building believed to be the work of Gustave Eiffel.
Maria da Piedade de Jesus stated that the intention is to transform the Iron Palace into a space for cultural interaction, as well as serving as a workshop for the discovery of new values of Angolan culture.
Immanuel Christian School: Sixth-grade boys accused of pinning down black girl and cutting off her dreadlocks in Virginia
The incident took place at Immanuel Christian School - where Vice President Mike Pence's wife, Karen Pence, is a teacher.
They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.'
They called me 'an attention-seeker.'
"They ran off laughing, and I was just sitting there," Amari said.
She feared retaliation if she confessed the truth, she said.
"It's very painful," said Cynthia Allen, Amari's grandmother.
I want to see them dismissed from the school.
I want to see something done.
Allen's family pays nearly $12,000 per year for Amari to attend the school, which made headlines earlier this year after Karen Pence took an art teaching job at the famously anti-LGBTQ institution.
"We take seriously the emotional and physical well-being of all our students, and have a zero-tolerance policy for any kind of bullying or abuse," Immanuel Christian School said in a statement.
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.
My deepest condolences on passing away of Jacques Chirac.
A friend of India, he played a decisive role in establishing and building India-France Strategic Partnership," Prime Minister Modi tweeted.
He again visited the country as president in 2006.
Mickey Arthur Says Remarks About Wasim Akram, Misbah-Ul-Haq Were "Dignified"
The comments caused a stir in Pakistani media, where cricket gossip is widely reported.
Speaking to AFP by phone from Perth, said he had the right to speak his mind after faithfully serving the team for three years.
I felt disappointed because I had some unfinished business to do with the Pakistan team and would have loved to continue.
But now we have moved on and I wish Pakistan team the best of luck under Misbah.
Wasim and Misbah both defended their actions following the World Cup.
"I have played for Pakistan and I serve Pakistan cricket in some capacity or the other, so when I was asked to join the committee to decide about the head coach I gave my honest opinion," Wasim told AFP in Karachi.
Misbah added that Arthur was entitled to his opinion.
I had good relations with Mickey," he added.
"Good relations are always there and will remain there," the current Pakistan head coach added.
Passenger caught urinating on Sydney train
"Share this pig around," she wrote.
The footage shows a male passenger, believed to be in his late teens, leaning against a pole near the carriage doors and urinating onto the ground.
Facebook users flocked to the post to call out the passenger for his disgusting behaviour.
Mate take a leak before you leave the house," another wrote.
A Sydney Trains spokesperson told news.com.au that passengers should report this type of behaviour immediately.
They added: "We also work closely with the NSW Police Transport Command, which is responsible for crime prevention across the rail network."
Offensive behaviour can be subject to a fine between $400 and $1100.
Carty is most consistent Irish out-half in 2019
Stephen Ferris says Jack Carty's selection against Japan is a reward for his consistency of performance over the past year with both Connacht and Ireland.
He has appeared eight times since then, impressing on each occasion, including a delightful performance on being introduced in the second half of Ireland's demolition of Scotland on Sunday.
Carty has been handed his second international start against Japan on Saturday, the first coming in the World Cup warm-up win over Wales in Cardiff late last month.
He recognised the Scottish defence and what he was up against.
He played heads up rugby at times.
I would say Carty has been probably the most consistent out-half within the Irish system for the last year or so.
Week in, week out, he's never really let his side down.
The likes of Sexton...
Johnny has had a couple of bad games over the last year or so.
He's been out injured.
Whereas Carty has been really, really steady.
Japan are our biggest threat I feel in the rest of the group.
But in saying that, I can't see a Japan team beating us the way the confidence and momentum is with the Irish team at the minute.
One hundred dolphins die on African beach
More than 100 dolphins have mysteriously died on a beach in the Cape Verde islands off West Africa.
The group said veterinarians from the University of Las Palmas in Spain's Canary Islands are due in the coming days to perform tests.
Paralympian to be first blind Dancing on Ice contestant
Scottish Paralympian Libby Clegg has been announced as a contestant on the next series of Dancing On Ice.
The sprinter, who won a gold medal for Scotland at Glasgow 2014 and two for the UK at Rio 2016, will be the show's first registered blind competitor.
She said appearing on the hit show was an opportunity that she couldn't pass up: "After Rio I achieved my ultimate goal and then I thought 'what else can I do?'
This opportunity came about and I couldn't pass it up.
I love challenging myself and experiencing new things."
The Paralympic champion will be joined by a host of celebrities including veteran comedian and TV host Michael Barrymore, Love Island star Maura Higgins and former Republic of Ireland international footballer Kevin Kilbane.
Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby will return to present the show which returns to STV in 2020.
Matt de Grood shouldn't be punished because of schizophrenia stigma
In 2016, Matthew de Grood, the man who killed five people at a house party in Calgary, was found to be not criminally responsible for his actions.
De Grood did stab and kill five people during a psychotic break.
Despite his perceived improvement, there is still risk of re-offense.
Is it enough to keep de Grood locked up?
Certain mental illnesses have become less stigmatized, such as mood and anxiety disorders.
A parole-like system where he has to check in to make sure he's still taking his medication could work well.
Arguing that he or other mentally ill people remain institutionalized unless absolutely necessary is a form of segregation.
Alva Academy serving up World's Biggest Coffee Morning
Clackmannanshire: Alva Academy has raised more than £300,000 for Macmillan.
Macmillan Cancer Support's top fundraising school in the UK is celebrating the charity's 'World's Biggest Coffee Morning'.
Dozens of fundraising coffee mornings are taking place across Scotland on Friday.
Alva - located at the foot of the Ochil Hills within Scotland's smallest council area - has raised more than £300,000 for Macmillan since 2004.
Teacher David Clifford, who previously accepted a UK Government Point of Light award at 10 Downing Street on behalf of the school, said: "Everything has gone swimmingly this year."
We have taken musicians to four different care homes to entertain and held a bingo tea.
Top team: The epic fundraising is led by the charity committee comprising of David Clifford, Kirsty Clifford and Shiona Finn.
Mr Clifford - who has written a song to soundtrack a Macmillan video which will follow the school's thank you assembly - said there is never any pressure to beat a previous total.
Instead, the school believes the most valuable thing the youths can give is their time.
'Keep doctors working until they're 70': Struggling Italian hospitals tell government
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack
Pompeo also called on the Assad government to release thousands of unjustly detained prisoners, including American journalist Austin Tice, who has been missing and presumed held by the government for seven years.
Uber announced the more than 25 changes to its platform at a launch event in San Francisco on Thursday.
"We recognize that becoming an integral part of people's lives comes with real responsibility," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said.
The new transit feature is live in Denver and London and will soon be operational in San Francisco, Mexico City, and Paris.
"To some extent, we're competing against ourselves," Khosrowshahi told the Verge of adding public transit options.
Uber Eats will also open more "digital-only restaurants" - businesses with no brick-and-mortar outlet where customers can only order food from on the app.
One digital restaurant comes through a partnership with the celebrity chef Rachael Ray and will be available in 10 cities for 10 weeks exclusively on Uber Eats.
In the two-hour event, Uber did not mention Assembly Bill 5, a new law passed in September that will upend the way gig economy workers in California, including drivers, are remunerated, as well as the benefits they are entitled to.
Uber said it is developing an "ultrasound wave" technology so in the future the app can automatically verify riders are in the right car without a PIN number.
In the app, riders will now have a "Report Safety Incident" option and the ability to text 911 in case of emergency.
A number of women announced last week they were bringing lawsuits against Lyft over drivers sexually assaulting them.
Uber also announced an expansion of its Uber Rewards program, which allows customers to redeem points when taking an Uber ride, ordering Uber Eats, or spending with partner restaurants.
Boris Johnson's tax cuts will cost £26billion a year
Warned giveaway "risks putting the public finances on an unsustainable path"
Treasury spokesman said: "Any decisions would be for the Chancellor to take"
The Prime Minister's proposed tax cuts will cost up to £26billion a year and mainly benefit wealthier households, the UK's leading economic think-tank warns today.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) challenged Boris Johnson's flagship policy to lift the thresholds for both higher rate income tax and National Insurance.
Mr Johnson pledged to raise the threshold for paying higher rate income tax in England, Wales and Northern Ireland from £50,000 to £80,000.
Antonio Brown says he's not quite ready for retirement
Antonio Brown has indicated he's not retiring from the NFL, only a few days after announcing he was done with the league in a rant.
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now."
He was released by the New England Patriots last week after playing only one game.
The 31-year-old Brown also engaged in a Twitter spat with Los Angeles Rams safety Eric Weddle, who faced him often with the Baltimore Ravens.
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine
The territory is the first jurisdiction in Australia to recognize animal sentience.
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare
Glyphosate is the key ingredient in Monsanto's weedkiller, Roundup.
Nestle buys some of its coffee beans from NKG.
It was too early to say what consequences Nestle's tighter controls would have on NKG, a spokesperson said.
Nestle's (NSRGF) decision to increase the frequency of checks was unlikely to disrupt global coffee supply chains, a spokesperson said.
"This is not a new process, we are just reinforcing controls," the spokesperson told CNN Business.
Brands such as Nescafe and Nespresso make up a sizable chunk of Nestle's powdered and liquid beverages business, which generated sales of 21.6 billion Swiss francs ($21.7 billion) in 2018.
Does glyphosate cause cancer?
Glyphosate is used on more than 100 food crops, according to the EPA.
Scientists at an environmental advocacy group with links to the organic food industry say several popular breakfast cereals contain doses of the chemical that are higher than they consider safe for children.
Earlier this year, a jury ordered Bayer to pay a California couple $2 billion in damages after they claimed that Roundup, used on their property for more than three decades, had given them both Non-Hodgkin lymphoma within four years of one other.
Somalia: At UN, Somalia's President Spotlights Country's Progress, but Cautions Eradicating Terrorism 'Will Not Be Easy'
Somalia is "the perfect example of the success of the multilateral system," President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed told the UN General Assembly on Thursday, while acknowledging that the Horn of Africa country still needed international and regional support and cooperation, particularly to deal with threats from Al-Shabab.
And while he called Somalia "historic" example of reform, resilience and commitment to progress and reconstruction, he cautioned that despite tangible progress, the country still faced many challenges, first and foremost those related to security, on which "everything depends."
"With the help of our international partners, we are striving to rid ourselves of the last pockets of violent extremism and terrorism," he said, stressing that the task would not be easy, especially given the "violence, cowardice and opportunistic guerilla tactics of Al Shabab."
J. Lo, Shakira to perform at Super Bowl halftime show
NFL, Pepsi and Roc Nation announced Thursday that the superstar performers, who have released music in Spanish and English since the 1990s, will perform on Feb. 2 at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.
Lopez and Shakira both posted a photo of them standing side by side on social media to announce the news.
"Going to see the world on fire," Lopez wrote.
So excited about getting on that #SuperBowlLIV #PepsiHalftime stage!" Shakira wrote.
Lopez released her multi-hit debut in 1999 and topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart with songs like "If You Had My Love," "All I Have" and the remixes of "I'm Real" and "Ain't It Funny."
Shakira released her first album in 1991 and crossed over with 2001's "Laundry Service," which featured the hits "Whenever, Wherever" and "Underneath Your Clothes."
The singer topped the Hot 100 chart with the Wyclef Jean-assisted anthem "Hips Don't Lie."
Shakira has won 11 Latin Grammys and three Grammys.
"These two remarkable artists are setting a new precedent for what this show can become, and we're confident that this will be an incredible performance for the ages," Todd Kaplan, Pepsi's vice president of marketing, said in a statement.
Tyrone's Gavin Devlin picks up 24-week suspension
Tyrone selector Gavin Devlin has been hit with a 24-week suspension following his conduct as a supporter at an underage game.
Croke Park's Central Hearings Committee (CHC) upheld the suspension proposed by the Central Competitions Control Committee (CCCC) following incidents during an Under-15 inter-county game between Tyrone and Down on 27 July.
Assuming that the suspension starts from the issuing of the CHC's findings on Thursday, Devlin will be ruled out of all involvement with the Tyrone squad until early March, well into the 2020 Allianz League campaign.
Former Tipperary hurler Eoin Brislane has been suspended for a total of 16 weeks arising from an incident in Tipp's Under-15 Arrabawn Hurling Tournament match with Wexford on 31 August.
The CHC upheld the first of those, imposing a four-week ban, though found the second alleged infraction unproven.
That infraction was "minor physical interference with a referee" and imposed a 12-week suspension.
Like Devlin, Brislane can ask for his case to go before the CAC.
Harker says Fed should 'hold firm' on interest rates
Along with his views on rates, Harker also weighed in on last week's tumult in the overnight lending, or repo, market that saw short-term rates spike to 10% and the fed funds rate climb 5 basis points above its target range.
Nor do they have implications for the wider economy," he said.
UEFA has opened registration for esports competitors to represent their national teams at the inaugural eEURO 2020, with the qualifying phase kicking off in November 2019.
Gamers will compete in Konami's eFootball Pro Evolution Soccer 2020 (PES 20) on the Playstation 4 video game console.
A draw will take place in January 2020.
"eFootball is played by tens of millions of people across the continent and we are delighted to give competitors from our national associations the chance to represent their country on the biggest stage," said UEFA marketing director Guy-Laurent Epstein.
The champions will also receive tickets to watch the final of EURO 2020.
Lil Wayne ordered to pay over $150K in phony concert case
Lil Wayne is up for about $150,000 in charges for allegedly creating fraudulent companies to book fake concerts and it turns out he didn't even bother to respond to the lawsuit.
The suit was apparently filed by Natan against Lil Wayne and hip-hop group Migos back in January, in which the investor claimed they were "Ponzi scheme artists" who created shell companies to get money for shows they never actually planned to perform.
Natan claimed Stenger collaborated with Wayne from the beginning and lied about being a concert promoter.
According to the legal docs, Lil Wayne was served with the lawsuit but he failed to respond, so the judge issued a default judgment against Weezy.
Earlier this year he threatened his former record company Moments in Time with legal action because they wouldn't return an old lyric notebook of his, instead they were trying to auction it for £189,600.
"I would love to have a President that wants to work with us on solutions to the challenges we face, whether that be with our infrastructure, our need for more housing, or helping people exit homelessness."Eric Schaeffer, director of the Environmental Integrity Project and a former top enforcement official at EPA, said the agency's current focus on homeless encampments is misdirected when it "has done so little to enforce illegal discharges from much larger sources across the US."
Earlier this week, Newsom said at a United Nations Climate Summit that he was "humiliated" by Trump's environmental record.
Last week, Trump revoked California's decades-old authority to set its own emissions standards for automobiles, prompting a lawsuit days later by California Attorney General Xavier Becerra, who has sued the administration over 60 times on various issues.
Zimbabwe: 'Poisoned' Doctor Leaves Country for Treatment
Dr. Peter Magombeyi, acting president of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, had been receiving care in Harare for a week since his release from captivity.
Monica Mutsvangwa, Zimbabwe's Information Minister, maintains police interfered with Magombeyi's departure for safety and health reasons.