To get front pages, he would reportedly don surgical masks and put tape on his nose to spark conversation.
He added: "It's backfired on him now, though, that's the sad thing."
Fiddes also addressed allegations of child sexual abuse against Jackson by Wade Robson and James Safechuck, which were aired in the controversial, Emmy Award-winning documentary Leaving Neverland.
Both Robson and Safechuck allege that they were abused by Jackson as children for a number of years.
Fiddes claimed that "this whole paedophile thing is complete nonsense... the guy had girlfriends and had a legitimate marriage to Lisa Marie [Presley], that was the way he lived his life."
He claimed it would have been "impossible" for Jackson to have abused children at his Neverland ranch because he was "hardly" there.
"They say there were boys around, that was not the case at all," he said.
Government Retires 15 More Senior Tax Officials On Graft Charges
New Delhi:
"We have recently taken the bold step of compulsorily retiring a significant number of tax officials, and we will not tolerate this type of behaviour," he had said.
"A week ago Thursday was the first wave of letters, I got 46 letters," she told CNN. "I immediately called United Healthcare insurance and told them I received 46 letters of the same letter."
And the letters just kept coming, piling up to more than 500 by Monday.
The letters were about a $54 or $0 healthcare claim that United Healthcare said is not covered, Lay said.
"We have determined the cause of the problem. We are very sorry this occurred, and we have contacted the family to discuss the situation with them," the health insurer said.
Antonio Brown says he's not quite ready for retirement
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now." He followed with the suggestion that the game needs him.
The 31-year-old Brown also engaged in a Twitter spat with Los Angeles Rams safety Eric Weddle, who faced him often with the Baltimore Ravens.
HSBC flips crime-spotting tool to scope new business
The system combines data on clients" banking activities, with public data on company ownership and directorships, to flag desirable potential clients to HSBC staff and offer ways to connect to them through existing relationships.
Using data and artificial intelligence to try and boost revenues is part of HSBC's broader push to squeeze more out of its large physical network and client data, a key priority for interim Chief Executive Noel Quinn.
HSBC declined to comment on how much it expects to make from the new system but said the broader "network income" initiative has already yielded hundreds of millions of dollars in additional revenue.
HSBC was forced to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in financial crime compliance as part of a $1.9 billion settlement in 2012 with U.S. authorities over the bank's failure to prevent money laundering by drug cartels though its Mexican unit.
According to Rouhani, European signatories of the 2015 nuclear deal urged him to meet with US President Donald Trump, promising that Washington would lift "all" sanctions in return.
"Three out of the six countries, that is the chancellor of Germany, prime minister of Britain, and president of France, all insisted for the meeting to be held, saying that the US would lift all sanctions," stated the Iranian president.
A consultation has been launched by the Scottish Government seeking the public's views.
"This consultation seeks views on improvements on how the Control of Dogs Act 2010 can operate across Scotland, and next year we will take a wider look at all dog control legislation to assess whether changes are needed.
The consultation runs until January 15 and contains proposals to toughen and clarify the current legislation, including questioning whether a national dog control database should be created.
The Scottish Parliament's Post-Legislative Scrutiny Committee has been hearing evidence from victims and parents of children who have been attacked or killed by dogs, prompting the Government to review dog control laws.
The committee heard that, in Greater Glasgow and Clyde alone, there were 1,417 people arriving at A&E departments with dog-related injuries, 255 of them children, last year.
In July, the committee's MSPs concluded current dog control legislation is not fit for purpose and called on the Scottish Government to undertake a comprehensive review of all dog-control laws.
Saudi Arabia To Offer Tourist Visas For First Time, Abolish Abaya Rule
Visas in Saudi are currently restricted to expat workers, their dependents and Muslim pilgrims.
Saudi Arabia will open applications for online tourist visas to citizens of 49 countries on Saturday, Bloomberg News quoted Khateeb as saying.
Foreign women, however, will be required to wear "modest clothing," he added, without elaborating.
In a rare move, Saudi Arabia last year began issuing temporary visas to visitors to attend sporting and cultural events in a bid to kickstart tourism.
Prince Mohammed is seeking to change that through a sweeping liberalisation drive that has brought new cinemas, mixed-gender concerts and sporting extravaganzas to Saudi Arabia.
Fears of a regional conflict after the September 14 attacks on state oil giant Aramco may also dampen the kingdom's appeal to holidaymakers.
But the kingdom currently lacks the infrastructure to accomodate visitors in such high numbers, with officials estimating 500,000 new hotel rooms will be required nationwide over the coming decade.
Saudi Arabia has splurged billions in an attempt to build a tourism industry from scratch.
In 2017, the kingdom announced a multi-billion dollar project to turn 50 islands and other pristine sites on the Red Sea into luxury resorts.
Facebook hides 'likes' in new Australia trial
"We don't want Facebook to feel like a competition," the company said in a statement.
"This is a test to see how people engage with this new format. We hope to learn from this over time in order to see if we will roll this out more broadly," it said.
More than one billion people use Facebook worldwide, but the social media giant has come under pressure to combat the platform's impact on mental health.
In Australia, one in five children report experiencing cyberbullying, according to the country's eSafety commissioner.
Facebook's decision comes after it launched a trial in July to hide "likes" on the company's other major social media platform, Instagram.
The Facebook trial was described as "a limited test in order for us to get some early learnings."
"While this has been testing on Instagram, Facebook and (Instagram) are different surfaces and we will likely see different data come from this test," the company said.
The social media giant did not confirm how long the trial would run for.
"We want to understand from people whether removing the total counts improves their experience, while also not limiting any positive interactions," said Mia Garlick, of Facebook Australia.
Hurricane Lorenzo strengthened into a Category 4 storm Thursday, producing swells that could affect parts of the Windward Islands and South America, the National Hurricane Center said.
The eye of the major hurricane was about 1,660 miles southwest of the Azores in the NHC's 11 p.m. EDT update. The storm was moving north-northwest at 14 mph with 145 mph maximum sustained winds.
According to Colorado State University Meteorologist Philip Klotzbach, the Western Hemisphere, which encompasses the Atlantic and eastern Pacific basins, has generated 16 named storms since Aug. 21.
"This is the most on record for the Western Hemisphere between Aug. 21-Sept. 23, breaking the old record of 15 named storms set in 1984 and 2002," he wrote on Twitter.
Patriot missile system to Saudi Arabia after Iran oil attacks
U.S. Soldiers talk after a routine inspection of a Patriot missile battery at a Turkish military base in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Defense Secretary Mark Esper has "approved putting additional forces on prepare to deploy orders," Pentagon spokesman Jonathan Hoffman wrote in a statement. "While no decision has been made to deploy these additional forces, they will maintain a heightened state of readiness."
President Donald Trump slammed Iran's alleged role in the attacks on Saudi oil facilities, telling world leaders at the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday that they should pressure Tehran into diplomatic talks.
"All nations have a duty to act," Trump said regarding his call to counter Iranian behavior. "No responsible government should subsidize Iran's bloodlust. As long as Iran's menacing behavior continues, sanctions will not be lifted, they will be tightened."
Skydiver dies after crashing into big rig trailer on California highway
The 28-year-old woman was skydiving with a group of seven people around 2 p.m. Thursday, California Highway Patrol PIO Ruben Jones told CNN.
The group took off from the Lodi Parachute Center. CNN has reached out to the facility for comment.
'Hideous' Central Coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court
Dressed in a leafy Ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12-year-old from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's Central Coast in May 2017.
Shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation.
The man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between August 2016 and April 2017.
An example of a camouflage Ghillie suit the man used.
When she pleaded "stop, stop, stop," he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub.
The man told the girl: "Shhh, don't scream. Don't scream or I'll have to hurt you."
The U.S. Attorney's Office and the FBI said a federal review of the 2018 shooting of 22-year-old Stephon Clark found "insufficient evidence" to pursue charges against Officers Terrance Mercadal and Jared Robinet. Both will be returned to active duty.
The California attorney general's office in March declined to issue state criminal charges after a nearly yearlong investigation. Attorney General Xavier Becerra said then evidence showed the officers had reason to believe their lives were in danger because he was advancing toward them holding what they thought was a gun. Investigators found only a cellphone.
Sacramento police also announced Thursday their internal investigation did not find any policy or training violations.
"Although no policy violations occurred in this incident or in the events leading up to it, we are committed to implementing strategies that may prevent similar tragedies in the future," Sacramento Police Chief Daniel Hahn said in a statement.
The new law, which takes effect Jan. 1, will allow police to use deadly force only when "necessary" to defend against an imminent threat of death or serious injury to officers or bystanders.
Pope warns tech execs to use AI for the common good
Organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants" expertise identify possible future advisers for the Catholic Church on high tech issues.
Trump will likely veto the resolution, the sixth time he will have blocked congressional legislation as president. He already vetoed a measure to end the emergency declaration in March.
Neither chamber of Congress appears to have the two-thirds majority needed to override the president's opposition.
Some Senate Republicans facing elections next year have faced sharp political pressure over the national emergency vote.
Google Marks Its 21st Birthday With a Doodle: All You Need to Know
Google is marking its own birthday today with a doodle. The doodle features a photo of a 90s' style computer with Google search page and date stamp for September 27, 1998, surrounded by confetti in Google colours. A smaller doodle with number 21 as candles, as a part of Google logo, shows on the search results page. The search giant was founded 21 years ago in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, then students at Stanford University in California. September 27 is, however, not Google's actual birthday.
Initially, the search engine was called "BackRub" and it was later renamed "Google."
"We chose our systems name, Google, because it is a common spelling of googol, or 10100 and fits well with our goal of building very large-scale search engines," Sergey Brin and Lawrence (Larry) Page wrote in 1998 in a paper published about launching a prototype of a "large-scale search engine."
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani makes a speech during a ceremony in Tehran, Iran on January 10, 2019.
WTI crude futures were last down by 0.9% to $55.91 after falling as low as $54.79. Brent crude futures dropped 1.4% to $61.89.
The State Department called the report "baseless," adding the U.S. is committed to zero oil exports from the Iranian regime, Bloomberg News said.
Rouhani's comment came after a series of drones attacked oil facilities in Saudi Arabia on Sept. 14, which had forced the kingdom to cut production in half. The U.S. and some European countries, as well as Saudi Arabia, have blamed the attack on Iran. Tehran has denied any role in the incident. The Trump administration also announced plans to deploy U.S. forces to the region.
The State Department didn't immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment.
About 100,000 security personnel are to guard polling stations in the wake of Taliban threats.
Royal news: How Princess Beatrice "reacted with fury at hostile family members"
Since Sarah was embroiled in one of the Royal Family's biggest ever scandals, her relationship with the rest of the members has been extremely difficult.
However, his behaviour was reportedly "appalling" towards the Duchess of York, and Princess Beatrice once claimed her mother was the victim of "mean spirited actions to make her feel unwelcome."
JUST IN: Kate and William behind closed doors: Couple's shock habit exposed
"They are constantly berating their father for allowing it to happen and Beatrice in particular has been imploring Prince Andrew to see that their mother is not treated as an outcast."
The Next Big Labor Strike Hits Oregon
Civility in Politics: New awards scheme set up to counter Westminster division and recognise politicians who show courtesy
A new awards scheme has been set up to recognise politicians who show courtesy in their work.
To counter the division, the "Civility in Politics" awards were announced on Friday, with the politician of the year to be awarded £3,000 to give to charity.
"As divisions and bitterness mount in the continuing debates around Brexit, we strongly believe that politics has to respond not by mirroring these trends, but by bucking them.
Nominations will open on Saturday, with an award ceremony in March next year.
Mr Johnson, for his part, said he "deplores" threats made against MPs.
Jess Phillips 'frightened' after receiving 'be afraid' death threats
On Thursday, Labour MP Jess Phillips - another one of those to have criticised Mr Johnson - said a man was arrested after trying to "kick the door" of her constituency office while reportedly shouting that she was a "fascist."
And in a viral Twitter thread, Ellie Cooper, the daughter of senior Labour MP Yvette Cooper, described her fears for her mother in the wake of Ms Cox's murder . She accused Mr Johnson of "using language that helps incite violence toward MPs."
Setting the example? Income inequality in the US is at an all-time high
North Carolina man wins five times in the same lottery drawing
A North Carolina man won five times in the same lottery drawing, including a $163,634 jackpot.
Add Lancaster of Pikeville told North Carolina Education Lottery officials he used five sets of his own numbers to buy a Cash 5 ticket with five plays for Monday night's drawing when he stopped at Wissam & Brothers Inc. in Pikeville.
"My wife writes down the numbers for me during the drawing," Lancaster said. "When she handed me the paper, so I could check my ticket, I couldn't believe it. One of my lines matched five numbers and the other ones matched four numbers. I started shouting, 'I got it! I got it! I hit the lottery!'"
Lancaster's line that matched all five numbers earned him the $163,634 jackpot, while the lines that matched four numbers each won $250.
The 35-year-old star dumped the NBA player for good earlier this year after he was accused of cheating on her with family friend Jordyn Woods - having previously cheated when she was nine months pregnant with their daughter, True.
Tristan was spotted leaving another gushing compliment on Khloe's Instagram page
In the blurred snap, Khloe is stood in front of the rising sun, with the mum-of-one captioning the pic: "May you have the courage to explore every dream you dream."
Publicly commenting, Tristan wrote: "The sun is shining bright on a beautiful [diamond emoji]."
Fans were outraged by the remark, with one replying: "Yeah, a diamond that you DROPPED."
Tristan cheated on Khloe when she was nine months pregnant
Another advised: "Just get off Instagram."
A third wrote: "Don't fall for it Khloe."
It comes just days after Tristan wrote: "Perfection" alongside the heart eye emojis underneath one of the reality stars other photos, which saw her modelling for Guess Jeans.
Earlier this month, The Sun revealed that Tristan bought Khloe a £400,000 Porsche in a bid to win her back - on the advice of Drake.
He was then accused of cheating again earlier this year - with Kardashian family friend Jordyn Woods
He settled on the grovelling gift, thought to be a 911, after being urged to pull a "power move" by his rapper pal.
As a result, pals said Tristan even won an invite from Khloe to a 'Taco Tuesday' dinner at her mansion - bringing him one step closer to a reunion with the reality star and their 17-month-old daughter True.
Khloe was left heartbroken by Tristan's infidelity
The pair are mum and dad to 17-month-old True
Khloe Kardashian breaks down in tears and screams at cheating boyfriend Tristan Thompson in new Keeping Up With The Kardashians series 16 trailer
The Sun revealed last month that Tristan planned to invite Khloe on a romantic trip to Greece after vowing: "I will get my family back."
Khloe has been left heartbroken by Tristan's repeated cheating throughout their romance, but still invited him to their daughter True's first birthday party earlier this year.
Stem cells of 56 child cancer patients lost at Children's Hospital after freezer malfunction
All but one patient had gone through initial therapy. That patient did require the recollection of stem cells, chief medical officer James Stein said.
"I would try to sleep and my body would just start shaking, and then I just started to freak out and I'd start crying," Corona told ABC-7.
Prince Harry walks across Angolan minefield to reconnect with Princes Diana's legacy
Wearing protective body armor and a visor, Diana, Princess of Wales, visits a minefield being cleared by the charity Halo in Huambo, Angola, January 15, 1997.
Thomas Cook pension trustees plot deal to salvage payouts
Any deal with an insurer would be likely to involve a more modest cut to payouts than the 10% triggered by a pension scheme's transfer into the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) lifeboat.
Collectively, they hold assets worth about £1.5bn.
To date, just under half of Thomas Cook's overseas British customers have been flown home.
What went so wrong for Thomas Cook?
The talks, which concluded without a deal on Sunday evening, represented a frantic last throw of the dice for a company which had been forced to seek more than £1bn in new funding following a £1.5bn half-year loss and deteriorating trading.
Thomas Cook was founded in 1841 by a 32-year-old cabinet-maker and former Baptist preacher who began offering one-day rail excursions from Leicester to Loughborough for a shilling.
From there, it went on to become one of the world's largest holiday companies, marking its 175th anniversary three years ago.
A PPF spokesperson said: "Insolvency events, like the liquidation of Thomas Cook, are exactly why the PPF was set up.
"We are here to protect the financial futures of members belonging to defined benefit pension schemes and they should take comfort knowing we are here to protect them."
Adorable pictures show new-born rhino nuzzling her mother and exploring new home
'It is particularly satisfying that Ruby has produced a female calf - these are vital for the development of the breeding programme and Stella will eventually move to another collection to hopefully become a successful mother herself.'
When Alan was just one-week old he weighed around eleven stone.
It is considered the longest gestation periods of any land mammal, surpassed only by the twenty-two month gestation period of an Elephant.
It will remain under the watchful eye of the mother, suckling from her for approximately one year.
Incel virgin Alex Minassian told Toronto police he was part of 4chan group
When asked about the deaths, he told police: "I feel like I accomplished my mission."
He stands accused of driving a rental van into crowds of pedestrians in a busy north Toronto neighbourhood. Eight women and two men ranging in age from 22 to 94 died.
He said: "I know of several other guys over the internet who feel the same way," but added that they are "too cowardly to act on their anger."
Over time, "incel" has become a buzzword for certain men infuriated at being rejected by women and prone to float ideas for violent payback, according to sociologists and others who study them.
US theater chain bans dressing up for "Joker" screenings over fears of another shooting
Most US cinemas have banned masks, face paint and toy weapons after the 2012 mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, which happened during a screening of another Batman flick, "The Dark Knight Rises." The gunman wore a Joker costume when he went on a gun and tear-gas rampage, killing 12 people and injuring 70 others. Body costumes that don't hide a person's identity, however, have been generally allowed in theaters.
"I want customers to be comfortable in their surroundings," Landmark President-CEO Ted Mundorff told the Hollywood Reporter.
The ban on masks and fake guns was mostly due to practical security reasons, but as the release of "Joker" draws closer, there are concerns that it may trigger a copycat gun attack. The LAPD said it would "maintain high visibility" around theaters on premier day, while Regal Cinemas, the second-largest chain in the country, said it was implementing security protocols developed "in collaboration with NATO."
The self-published book is the result of a groundbreaking self-entitled speech that Spann Cooper delivered as a keynote address at The National Association of Women Business Owners Conference in Chicago in 2017. The Girlfriend's Guide to Closing The Deal is written in a down-to-earth style that every "girlfriend" can relate.
The book was co-written with T. Shawn Taylor, journalist, writer and founder of Tree Top Consulting, a full-service media consulting firm.
Ukraine, the "New Berlin Wall," Once Again Lies at the Center of Scandal
Mr. Poroshenko's eagerness to win over Mr. Trump and his growing fears that political rivals would thwart his re-election opened the way for Mr. Giuliani to press Ukraine's prosecutor general, Yuri Lutsenko, who has since been fired, to help Mr. Trump's own re-election by investigating Joe Biden and his son.
Ukrainians, jaded after years of watching their own leaders trade the power and privileges of office for personal financial or political gain, have mostly shrugged off what, for Mr. Trump, is possibly the most serious scandal to buffet the White House since Watergate toppled President Richard Nixon in 1974.
That a country few Americans paid much attention to in the past now commands center stage in Washington has stirred mostly bemusement in Ukraine. Those feelings are also tinged with a touch of pride that, after centuries in the shadow of Russia, its giant neighbor to the north, the nation is no longer seen as a backwater but a pivot around which the fate of the world's most powerful country implausibly turns.
Pavlo Klimkin, Ukraine's foreign minister under Mr. Poroshenko, said in a caustic Twitter message this week that going down in history "as the country that led to the impeachment of the U.S. president" was "not a very fun prospect." But, he added, "Now everyone understands what we are capable of."
Brother Jailed For Life For Pakistan Social Media Star Qandeel Baloch's Honour Killing
Qandeel Baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in July 2016.
The brother of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch was on Friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highest-profile "honour killing."
Baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies -- tame by Western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic Pakistan -- was strangled in July 2016.
"Inshallah (God willing), he will be acquitted by a high court," he said.
"He is innocent. She was my daughter and he is my son," she said.
Baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of so-called "honour killings," in which a victim -- usually a woman -- is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes.
Three months after Baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings.
The roots of "honour" killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across South Asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too.
Three Scottish students named among Europe's best
Scott Sheldrick, who graduated in Molecular Genetics, won the Europe award for Life Sciences, Chester Cornford studied MSc Mental Health Nursing and was awarded the Nursing, Midwifery & Allied Healthcare prize, whilst Lola Knibb won the Visual Arts award.
Another five students were commended in the world's leading undergraduate awards programme, which recognises top work completed by undergraduates to share this with a global audience.
Oldest galaxy protocluster forms 'queen's court'
In the map of the Universe made by the Subaru Telescope, the team discovered a protocluster candidate, z66OD, where galaxies are 15 times more concentrated than normal for that era. The team then conducted follow-up spectroscopic observations using the W.M. Keck Observatory and Gemini North telescope, and confirmed 12 galaxies which existed 13.0 billion years ago, making it the earliest protocluster known to date.
Nancy Pelosi is subject of book by daughter Christine Pelosi
An upcoming book on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi comes from someone who knows her well, daughter Christine Pelosi.
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday. Christine Pelosi's book will examine how a mother of five became the first female house speaker and her current leadership of House Democrats during the Trump administration. According to Skyhorse, Christine Pelosi will weave together "the professional and personal experiences" of her mother.
"Our daughters thought [Warren] was nice," Dan Michels, a Trump supporter and a father to one of the girls, told the Washington Free Beacon. "She came by and told us we should vote for her. And our daughters told us she was a nice person, but we don't align with her politically and ... because she's pro-choice, we said we should donate her money to a pro-life [cause]."
"Stopped for a quick drink at a lemonade stand in Harlan, Iowa. When life gives you lemons, make big structural change!" Warren said on Twitter.
Why viruses like Herpes and Zika will need to be reclassified: Biotech impact
They used a generalization of the quasiequivalence principle to see how proteins can wrap around an icosahedral capsid.
Twarock said the new blueprints also provide "a new perspective on viral evolution, suggesting novel routes in which larger and more complex viruses may have evolved from simple ones at evolutionary timescales."
Having Too Much Of This Spice Could Damage Liver
May cause low blood sugar - For many people, cinnamon is helpful since it's well known for having the ability to lower our blood sugar. This is good, especially for those who suffer from high blood sugar. However, too many of it can make our blood sugar fall too low, posing a new set of health risks.
Tennessee's abortion waiting period trial goes to judge
Over the course of a four-day trial in Nashville that concluded Thursday, the state tried to show that the law, which requires women to make two separate trips to a clinic at least 48 hours apart, benefits women by allowing them time to reflect on their decisions. Attorneys representing five of the state's seven abortion clinics argued the law provides no benefits and causes significant burdens.
Tennessee is one of 14 states with laws requiring women to make two trips to an abortion clinic according to the Guttmacher Institute, a research group that supports abortion rights.
In determining whether Tennessee's waiting period violates the U.S. Constitution, U.S. District Judge Bernard Freidman must determine whether it places an undue burden on women seeking abortion. It's a subjective standard that has caused some waiting period laws to be struck down and others upheld, depending on the specific circumstances of the state.
French chemical fire extinguished as questions mount
LNG investments hit record in 2019 & the biggest growth is coming from China
Unsurprisingly, the driver of this growth in investments is growing demand for the fuel in Asia, with China still expected to overtake Japan as the world's top importer of LNG.
"The biggest growth is coming from China. In the next five years, about one-third of global LNG demand will come from China alone," Birol said. He added that in five years, China will become the largest importer of the fuel.
In a December 2018 report the Energy Information Administration said it expected the United States" LNG export capacity to double by the end of this year to 8.9 billion cu ft daily. This will make the US the third-largest exporter of LNG in terms of capacity after Qatar and Australia. By 2030, US LNG exports are estimated to reach 17 billion cu ft daily, from some 3 billion cu ft at the start of 2019.
Global LNG demand is seen at 550 million tons by 2030, according to projections by IHS Markit.
Viola Davis Drops Some Truth Bombs About Playing Michelle Obama On 'Jimmy Kimmel'
Viola Davis is feeling the pressure of playing Michelle Obama.
"I'm terrified," the actor said on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" Thursday.
"I don't care what else I've done in my life ― I won an Emmy, I won an Oscar, two Tonys ― but if I mess this up, this'll be the defining moment in my life," she told host Kimmel.
Davis said she's waiting for her publicist "to call and say, "Hold the line, it's Michelle Obama ― to cuss your ass out.""
Davis, in her sixth and final season of "How To Get Away With Murder," is also thinking of the audience.
"Listen, I don't want to make my people mad," she said.
Judge shows concern for violent teen's choice of drink on attack night
A judge sentencing a teenager for a violent attack on a love rival appeared to show just as much concern about his choice of drink in the lead up to it.
Kieran Clifton, 19, battered a 17-year-old he blamed for the end of his relationship with a former girlfriend.
Oxford Crown Court heard Clifton had been drinking mixers at the Fat Fox pub in Watlington, Oxfordshire, shortly before the assault in March last year.
'It sounds dorky, but it's really fun': inside the cosy world of bookstagram
Leader of Colombia's Los Pelusos crime gang killed, president says
The top leader and founder of Colombia's Los Pelusos crime gang has been killed in an operation led by the national police, President Ivan Duque said on Friday.
The 49-year-old was wanted on terrorism and murder charges and located in Norte de Santander province on Thursday.
Another leader of Los Pelusos was captured in the operation, the statement added. It did not provide details about the circumstances of Quintero's death.
'How dare you?' Thunberg's U.N. speech inspires Dutch climate protesters
Thunberg, 16, gave an impassioned address at the United Nations in New York this week, after millions of people worldwide joined a climate strike protest last Friday in the run-up to a U.N. climate summit.
Banging drums and holding pictures of Thunberg, protesters walked through the city center with placards reading: "For the Greta good," "Don't be a fossil fool," and "You will die of old age, we will die of climate change."
"I understand their concerns, I believe they are being heard," Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told journalists at a weekly press briefing within earshot of the protests. "We have presented very ambitious plans to deal with these problems. But we have to do it in a smart way, which also creates jobs."
Military Sees Frustrating Trend As Suicides Spike
Military suicides surged this year to a record high among active duty troops, continuing a deadly trend that Pentagon officials say is frustrating and they are struggling to counter.
Asked about the deaths in the crew of the aircraft carrier, Defense Secretary Mark Esper said, "I wish I could tell you we have an answer to prevent further, future suicides in the Armed Services. We don't. We are caught up in what some call a national epidemic of suicide among our youth."
"Just as we talk about physical fitness, marksmanship, training and education, Marines must also be comfortable discussing life's struggles, mental wellness and suicide," said Gen. David Berger, commandant of the Marine Corps. "We must create a community where seeking help and assistance are simply normal, important decisions Marines and sailors make."
The vast majority - nearly 70 percent - were female spouses under the age of 40, while 70 percent of the dependent suicides were males. About half of the dependents who died by suicide were at least 18 years old and, for those younger than that, most of the deaths were youth between 15 and 17.
Seth Meyers Loses It Laughing During Donald Trump 'Tango & Cash' Impression
The campaign also incurred a one-time late fee over its failure to pay on time.
"That's so him," said Meyers. "I'm surprised his Oval Office desk isn't covered in unreturned Blockbuster DVDs."
Man gets prison after woman finds bullet in her skull
News outlets report 39-year-old Jerrontae Cain was sentenced Thursday on charges including being a felon in possession of a gun in the 2017 attack on 42-year-old Nicole Gordon.
Suffering from severe headaches and memory loss, Gordon was examined last year by doctors who found a bullet lodged in her skull.
This Model's Runway Stomp Has Eclipsed All Else At Paris Fashion Week
As Lady Gaga once sang in her 2008 hit "Bad Romance": "Walk, walk, fashion, baby."
Model Leon Dame, 20, strutted down the catwalk like no one has strutted before, powerfully putting one foot in front of the other and stomping down the runway, while keeping an intense, steely glare intact.
Perhaps the highest praise came from Tim Blanks, editor-at-large of the fashion site The Business of Fashion.
"You're going out a youngster, but you've got to come back a star!" Blanks wrote in an Instagram caption on Wednesday, quoting the film "42nd Street."
He added, "@leondame MURDERED the catwalk @maisonmargiela. Guess it's true what they say. There ain't nothin" like a DAME!"
Sony, Disney Back To Work On Third Spider-Man Film
Looks like there will be a homecoming of sorts for Spider-Man, now that Disney and Sony have settled their differences.
The as yet untitled film will be released on July 16, 2021, and be produced by the Disney-owned Marvel Studios and its president, Kevin Feige, according to a press release sent by both studios.
Amy Pascal will also produce through Pascal Pictures, as she has on the first two Holland-led films, the release said.
The agreement also allows Spidey to appear in a future Marvel Studios film.
Feige acknowledged the collaboration makes the webslinger unique among superheroes.
"[Spider-Man] happens to be the only hero with the superpower to cross cinematic universes, so as Sony continues to develop their own Spidey-verse you never know what surprises the future might hold," he said.
The Hollywood Reporter notes both sides had good reason to come together. "Far From Home" is Sony's biggest box office hit ever, while Marvel gets to maximize merchandising and keep creative control.
EU, British negotiators work toward Brexit deal in Belgium
The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator began talks With British officials in Belgium Friday to work toward an agreement, with about a month remaining before the departure deadline.
Michel Barnier met with Brexit secretary Stephen Barclay in Brussels, who was adamant the Irish "backstop" be stripped from any deal. The backstop, effectively an assurance of a soft border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Britain leaves, has been perhaps the chief obstacle in negotiations.
"I think there is still a long way to go. I think we are coming to the moment of truth in these negotiations," he said.
The deadline to leave the EU is Oct. 31, but a new British law prevents Prime Minister Boris Johnson from completing the withdrawal without a trade agreement, or Parliament's approval to leave without one by Oct. 19.
Last week, EU negotiators said they are open to an alternative to the backstop -- but Irish deputy Simon Coveney said Friday London hasn't yet submitted a "serious" proposal.
"Until there is a serious proposal, which can be the basis of negotiations, then the gaps which are wide at the moment will remain," he said.
He added that "time is running out" and "the onus is on the British prime minister and his team" to put serious proposals on the table.
Johnson's office said Friday there are still "significant obstacles" to a deal.
EU President Jean-Claude Juncker said he and Barnier are doing everything they can for a deal and if they fail, it's Britain's fault.
Scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 light-years away from Earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large Jupiter-like planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf.
There is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the Jupiter-like planet, Morales said.
The Fridays for Future movement that began as a lone demonstration by Swedish teen Greta Thunbergjust over a year ago has mushroomed, with millions of students taking to the streets of cities like New Yorkand attracting attention in developing nations across Africa.
"You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words," she said on Tuesday. "The eyes of all future generations are upon you and if you choose to fail us, I say we will never forgive you."
Thousands more were expected to take to the streets of Helsinki, Finland, where local media reportedthat the city's school would allow students to participate.
Thunberg, who remains in North America following her visit to the U.N., was scheduled to participate in climate strikes in Montreal, Canada.
Serena Williams Fined $10,000 For Allegedly Damaging Wimbledon Court
Serena Williams, tennis legend and seven-time Wimbledon champion, is being fined $10,000 for allegedly damaging the London practice courts with her racquet.
The 37-year-old tennis star appeared to shrug off the fine while speaking to reporters after winning the quarterfinal round against Alison Riske on Tuesday.
"I haven't really thought about it, to be honest," she said when asked about the fine. "I just threw my racquet. I got fined."
"I mean, I guess if you could tell me, I would appreciate it," she told reporters. "I mean, I have always been an Avenger in my heart. Maybe I'm super strong. I don't know."
Williams was also fined a total of $17,000 last year after she defended herself against an umpire at the U.S. Open who accused her of illegally communicating with her coach during a match.
Many of Williams" fans claimed that the umpire was unnecessarily harsh in his response to her, especially considering male players" meltdowns throughout the history of the sport.
"Do you know how many other men do things that are much worse than that?" Williams told U.S. Open officials who entered the court during the match after her confrontation with the umpire.
Nick Kyrgios of Australia was hit with two fines ― one for $3,000 and a second for $5,000 ― for unsportsmanlike conduct.
The Who STOP concert last night: Friday and Sunday shows CANCELLED
Rock legends The Who are on a major US tour. In Houston, Texas, Roger Daltrey was forced to call off the concert less than halfway through. The 75-year-old told the disappointed audience: "I think I should quit while I'm ahead." The band had performed eight songs already but promised to try and return for another show one day in the future. Watch the video of how it all unfolded on stage.
The crowd was completely supportive, cheering the 74-year-old as he explained what had happened and how the band hoped to return to honour their commitment to the show.
"I swear to you we will come back and we will honour your tickets. I love you so much and I'm sorry to let you down."
Following the show, the upcoming Friday and Sunday night concerts in Dallas and Denver were cancelled.
Their next show is on October 9 in San Francisco. The band will open their UK tour in Manchester n March 16, 2020.
Michael Schumacher's Manager with a Statement about his Condition
Authorities Investigating Deadly Crash In Angeles National Forest, Body Found
Are hopes for a nuclear-free world realistic?
Seventy-four years ago, two nuclear bombs were detonated over Hiroshima and Nagasaki, killing tens of thousands of people.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
'We both have sons, and we were bearing in mind that we are not just role models for girls but boys - and not just our sons, but generally in public too.'
She added that having Meghan present 'didn't feel hierarchical', as it was 'women gathered together and a talk about the struggles we have, as well as the things we need to do to move forward and grow and change our societies'.
Matsi Modise, founder of skills training company Simodisa, said Meghan is determined to continue to champion the issues close to her heart despite being a member of the Fold.
'She talked about being a mother and having duties as a duchess and fulfilling what her heart desires - and that it can't just fade away now that you're a duchess,' Modise recalled.
'That you have to be true to who you are.'
'She wasn't referring to being a royal, but life in general when you have challenges,' Modise added, admitting she felt a bit 'awestruck' by Meghan.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
Meghan also revealed she's enjoying the pressures of being a working mother, admitting she finds juggling being a royal and looking after baby Archie 'a lot' but 'all so exciting'.
She took along some of Archie's baby clothes, including a onesie saying 'The Future' and his Invictus babygro which he no longer fits, alongside donations from her friends with children.
Parents of 5-month-old stuffed in suitcase and tossed in dumpster get 6 years in prison
The parents of a 5½-month-old boy whose body was thrown in a dumpster were sentenced to six years in prison after pleading no contest Thursday to charges in the baby's death.
Manson and Williams had initially pleaded not guilty to the charges.
Police said in a statement at the time that they made the decision to end the search for Jacsun with a "heavy heart," but noted they couldn't pinpoint a location in the landfill "to a point that would make continuing the search reasonable."
UK's medical drug supply still uncertain in no-deal Brexit
In a report issued Friday, Britain's National Audit Office said additional shipping capacity chartered by the U.K. for sending goods across the English Channel might not be operational until the end of November - one month after the Oct. 31 deadline for Britain to leave the European Union. Of the more than 12,300 medicines licensed in the U.K., about 7,000 arrive from or via the EU, mostly across the Channel.
Meg Hillier, who chairs a committee overseeing the audit office, called the findings "deeply concerning." She said she had seen "countless examples" of the British government missing deadlines, but that this one was particularly striking.
"If the government gets this wrong, it could have the gravest of consequences," she said.
"Securing a (Brexit) deal remains the best way to protect patients," he said.
Scandal-hit Cleveland police has become the first force to be branded "failing" in all areas by inspectors.
The home secretary could then step in to tackle the problem if no progress is made.
It has seen six chief constables in almost as many years.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Phil Gormley said it was a "failing force" where there had been "significant" deterioration in the last two years.
Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen said the report described the "worst findings ever into any police force in the country" which was "finally the official validation" that the force is "broken" and said the Home Office needed to intervene now.
"The findings are some of the most distressing and shocking I have ever read."
He said senior leaders were not consistently demonstrating "ethical behaviour," and the "inappropriate behaviour of senior leaders within Cleveland is so profound that it is affecting the efficiency and effectiveness of the force."
Despite the findings, the force did receive a small amount of praise for the way it tackles serious and organised crime but was told it must improve the way it investigates crimes.
"The force's recent performance is simply not good enough."
Coppinger has been ordered by the Home Office to respond to the report within 56 days.
Kit Malthouse, minister for crime, policing and fire, said he welcomed the chief constable's "swift action to address these failings and will be monitoring the position closely," adding: "Transparency and accountability are vital for public trust in policing.
Immanuel Christian School: Sixth-grade boys accused of pinning down black girl and cutting off her dreadlocks in Virginia
A black middle school student from Virginia is accusing three white boys of pinning her down and cutting off her dreadlocks. The incident took place at Immanuel Christian School - where Vice President Mike Pence's wife, Karen Pence, is a teacher.
Amari Allen, a 12-year-old student at the private K-12 Christian school, said the boys called her dreadlocks "ugly" and "nappy" before cutting them off on the playground during recess.
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up. "They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.' They called me 'an attention-seeker.'"
Amari didn't tell her family about the incident until after her grandmother noticed the length of her hair had changed.
"They ran off laughing, and I was just sitting there," Amari said.
"It's very painful," said Cynthia Allen, Amari's grandmother. "I want to see them dismissed from the school. I want to see something done."
"We take seriously the emotional and physical well-being of all our students, and have a zero-tolerance policy for any kind of bullying or abuse," Immanuel Christian School said in a statement. "We are deeply disturbed by the allegations being made, and are in communication with the family of the alleged victim to gather information and provide whatever support we can. We have also reached out to law enforcement to ask them to conduct a thorough investigation, and further inquiries should be directed to the Fairfax County Police."
Iran releases British oil tanker Stena Impero
Iranian Ports and Maritime Administration confirmed that the vessel, Stena Impero, left Bandar Abbas port at 9 a.m., the state-run IRNA reported.
"Stena Bulk and Northern Marine Management confirm the Stena Impero and its crew have been released," he said via Twitter.
The ship was captured by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps on July 19 for having violated international maritime law when it allegedly veered into Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz.
The Stena Impero was officially given permission to leave on Monday but was kept in port until a probe into the ship's conduct completed, the New York Times reported.
"The vessel has left the port of Bandar Abbas and is transiting to Dubai for the crew to disembark and receive medical checks and debriefing," Hanell said. "The families of crew members have been informed and the Company is currently making arrangements for the repatriation of its valued seafarers at the earliest possible opportunity."
The ship became victim to escalating tensions near the Persian Gulf where both the United States and Iran shot down the other's drone and at least two tankers were sabotaged by explosives, which the Trump administration has blamed Iran for.
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.
Jacques Chirac was known to have been suffering from ill health for a long time.
Uganda: Government Launches Oral HIV Self-Test Kit
The initiative is aimed at reducing new HIV/Aids infections by 2020.
Easy use
She, however, urged the men to take HIV testing as an important issue.
Athletes feeling the heat at Qatar world championships
Some competitors at the world athletics championships that began on Friday have already encountered their most challenging opponent: the sweltering Qatari heat.
With its suffocating humidity and daytime temperatures hovering around 38 degrees Celsius, Doha weather has been widely discussed among athletes and athletics officials and seen as a cause for concern in some events.
Although the heat is less of a threat to the athletes competing inside the Khalifa International Stadium, where temperatures are kept at around 21 degrees with the help of a cooling system, they have still had to adjust their training because they practise at an outdoor facility.
"We are from a hot climate as well, but nothing to compare with this," Bahamian coach Ronald Cartwright told Reuters.
"Here you walk outside and it's like somebody put a heater on you. I guess that is why they are doing it at night."
It said its medical delegate had assured athletes that weather conditions would be monitored all day and reported to the teams "to ensure the event is run at an acceptable level of health risk."
"At practice I'm glowing because I'm sweating because it's so humid," said Rai Benjamin, who competes in the 400m hurdles.
"The shot is far below the dew point, the instant you take it out, it's just soaking wet and it's dripping water," the American said. "It's worse than if it was pouring down rain... We've been fighting this a little bit."
Fears of security breach at major prison as locksmith is arrested
A prison locksmith has been arrested amid fears keys to a jail's cells have been copied resulting in taxpayers footing a £500,000 bill to replace all its locks.
A Prison Service spokeswoman said: "HMP Wandsworth has increased security at the gate and is operating extra identity checks as a result of a security incident. It would be inappropriate to comment further while a police investigation is ongoing."
House chairmen warn Trump to stop attacking whistleblower
The statement said Trump "is fully aware that our Committees are seeking testimony from this whistleblower and others referenced in the whistleblower's complaint released today as part of the House's impeachment inquiry, and our nation's laws prohibit efforts to discourage, intimidate, or otherwise pressure a witness not to provide testimony to Congress."
There is no evidence of wrongdoing by either Joe or Hunter Biden.
Michelle Obama Calls Meghan Markle 'An Inspiration' In Adoring Instagram
Michelle Obama gave high praise to Meghan Markle in a sweet Instagram on Thursday, calling the Duchess of Sussex "a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it."
The duchess and Prince Harry, now on a 10-day royal tour of South Africa with their baby son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met Obama Foundation leaders.
"Thank you to my friend, Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex @sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it," the former first lady wrote in her glowing post.
Meghan interviewed Obama for the September issue of British Vogue, which the former "Suits" actress guest-edited. In their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her.
"The pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot," she said. "So my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything."
Moment hero police officer rushes onto busy motorway to save dog hit by car
This is the heroic moment a police officer ran out onto a busy motorway to rescue an injured dog.
Footage from Joseph Puglia's dashcam shows him jumping out of his police car within seconds of seeing the dog get hit by another vehicle.
After WeWork debacle, IPO market slams brakes on unprofitable companies
The average IPO return in 2019 is now about 9%, down from more than 30% at the end of June and more than 18% about two weeks ago.
In the United States, much of the attention in the third quarter has focused on a deal that failed to come to fruition - the planned IPO of WeWork parent We Company.
Having aimed to launch its IPO earlier in September, the company postponed plans to list until later in 2019, before replacing its chief executive officer and saying it was reviewing its timetable to go public.
Jonathan Van Ness Just Hung Out With Nancy Pelosi And They've Got A Plan
"Queer Eye" star Jonathan Van Ness strutted his stuff on Capitol Hill on Thursday, joining forces with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to discuss the Equality Act.
Pelosi met earlier this year with Van Ness and three of his "Queer Eye" co-stars as well as Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.), to talk policy and promote the bill.
David Attenborough is 93-years-old but the iconic nature guru is not slowing down just yet.
Earlier this month, David was presented with the TV Choice Lifetime Achievement Award, at the prestigious ceremony in London.
The national treasure has entertained millions over his career, which has so far spanned 60 years.
This week, David was celebrated once again as a polar research ship was named after him.
The star joined both Prince William and Kate for the naming ceremony in Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead, Merseyside.
He said: "It's no news to any of you that the world is facing great, great problems and the most aware of that are the young people of today, who will inherit this world.
Life In Colour is expected to air on BBC Two in 2021, while it's said Netflix will retain global rights.
Don't use my wife's name to score points, says husband of murdered MP Jo Cox
The husband of Jo Cox said his wife's name must not be used to score political points after Jeremy Corbyn last night posted footage of the murdered MP to criticise Boris Johnson.
The Labour leader's film featured clips of Mrs Cox and a vigil held after her death, with the caption: "Boris Johnson does not care about violence on our streets."
Critics said Mr Corbyn was using her murder to score "cheap political points" while her husband Brendan Cox said the Labour leader was "wrong" to infer hateful language was a "simple party political issue."
"But he's wrong to infer this is a simple party political issue. Jo was passionately Labour but some things must transcend party politics."
He goes on to criticise Mr Johnson and call for a Labour government.
"If you have an ounce of decency Jeremy Corbyn you would take this video down." It follows a row over language in Parliament this week in which Mr Johnson said that the "best way" to honour Mrs Cox was to "get Brexit done." Her sister Kim Leadbeater called for a dialling down of extreme language saying it was "not helpful to Jo's kids."
She told ITV: "For me to come out and say outrageous things about Boris Johnson - I just don't think that's a useful way of moving forward. I can say what I think is right and what I think is wrong but I'm going to try and do that in a measured manner."
House rebukes Trump on border wall, but he plans veto
The Democratic-controlled House is making a second attempt to overturn President Donald Trump's use of emergency powers to raid military base projects such as schools and target ranges to pay for his long-promised border fence.
The 236-174 vote sent the legislation to Trump, who is sure to veto it just as he killed a similar measure in March.
Ibama said in a statement that it had been investigating the spill in several beaches in some northeastern states since Sept. 2. Local media showed pictures of sea turtles coated in black tar by the slick.
Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA said in a statement that it had concluded after a molecular analysis of the oil that the crude spilled was not produced nor sold by the company.
Skoda to provide drivers with voice activated digital assistant
Skoda is to introduce a digital assistant that can be activated with a verbal command. In an announcement Wednesday, the Czech car maker said the digital assistant could be activated by the phrase "Okay, Laura."
The company's introduction of a virtual, voice activated assistant mirrors efforts by other manufacturers in the sector. Some BMW cars, for instance, are now equipped with an "intelligent personal assistant" which can be activated by using a button, a personal activation word or the phrase "Hello, BMW." Verbal commands can be used to, among other things, activate seat heating, get information on tire pressure, and adjust the in-car temperature.
"Voice is the ideal interaction tool in the vehicle," Jack Palmer, a senior connected car specialist at SBD Automotive, said in a statement sent to CNBC via email on Thursday.
The moves by firms such as Skoda and BMW point to a potential shift in the way people interact with their cars. Hannah Keshishian, an automotive analyst at market intelligence firm Mintel, told CNBC via email that one of its recent reports had highlighted how nearly 40% of U.S. consumers who owned a vehicle "would like to use a digital personal assistant in their vehicle." This, she added, "opens the door to greater possibilities for digital assistant vehicle connectivity."
Ghana: World Rabies Day Observed
The programme which was held under the theme "Rabies: Vaccinate to eliminate" was organised by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture Veterinary Service.
It was aimed at highlighting the essential role of mass canine vaccination in rabies elimination in the country.
Addressing the conference, the Assistant Director General and FAO Representative to Ghana, Mr Abebe Haile-Gabriel indicated that the issue of rabies could be minimised if efforts were geared towards vaccination and keeping stray animals away from humans especially children.
He underscored the need for the country to embark on five-year campaign and vaccination programme to create awareness to eliminate potential exposure of human to rabies.
A comprehensive roadmap for progressive elimination of rabies, he noted had been rolled out through the Ghana Rabies and Prevention Action Plan (2018-2030) to end epidemics of neglected tropical diseases by 2030.
He explained that through the "Zero human rabies deaths by 2030" strategy, countries were supported to develop and implement their national rabies elimination plans that embrace the One Health Concept and cross sectoral collaboration.
"Though rabies has no cure, the infection is vaccine preventable, hence its elimination is feasible therefore any animal owner must ensure their animals are vaccinated," he stated.
"It is imperative that the animal sector is adequately resourced to prevent transmission of rabies in dogs as a protective measure against the disease," he added.
The 12-year-old who "silenced the world"
Thunberg's grim pronouncements have earned her savage criticism, and glowing praise. New York Magazine called her "the Joan of Arc of climate change," while The Guardian ranked her speech alongside President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address for its historical significance.
Then again, they said the same about Severn Cullis-Suzuki in 1992. Long before Thunberg deadpanned to parliamentarians that "we probably don't even have a future any more," and netizens tore each other to shreds attacking and defending her, 12-year-old Cullis-Suzuki became known as the "The girl who silenced the world for five minutes" when she delivered a similar sermon before the UN Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro.
The environmental problems addressed by Cullis-Suzuki reflect the world of the early 1990s, when deforestation, the depletion of the ozone layer, and the extinction of species were the ecological concerns de jour. Yet humanity has been fairly successful at resolving those problems in the intervening years. Thanks to a landmark chemicals ban, ozone depletion has slowed dramatically, and forest cover worldwide has increased by an area the size of Texas and Alaska combined.
SNP could support Jeremy Corbyn as temporary PM to stop no-deal Brexit
Mr Corbyn called on rebel Tories and opposition MPs to back him to lead a temporary administration in August - but the move was met with resistance, particularly from the Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson.
The plan failed to gain cross-party support at the time, but senior figures in the SNP are concerned that Mr Johnson could defy a law forcing him to delay Brexit if there is no deal in place before 19 October.
Responding to a tweet suggesting installing the Labour leader or another temporary prime minister, she said: "Agree with this.
"Vote of no confidence, opposition unites around someone for sole purpose of securing an extension, and then immediate general election.
"Nothing is risk free but leaving Johnson in post to force through no deal - or even a bad deal - seems like a terrible idea to me."
"It is increasingly clear that we will have to install a new prime minister via a vote of no confidence, so that we can request a delay to Brexit and hold an election," the source told ITV's Robert Peston.
"We remain open to all options to achieve the aim of stopping a no-deal Brexit and getting rid of Boris Johnson."
Labour argued that the plan was the "simplest and most democratic way to stop no deal."
"He has already left the door open for a re-run of the 2014 referendum if he becomes prime minister.
Over 50 Surrey University students banned from sports teams amid accusations of sexual harassment
However, students said that this year behaviour of some students went too far, particularly during a game which involved members of the football club being dared by their teammates to make advances on women, while their friends attempt to "intercept" them.
Alan Sutherland, chief executive of Surrey's student unions said: "We became aware of the misconduct, and as investigations proceeded any individual students who were accused of committing a "major" offence as per the student disciplinary regulations were referred to a university investigation."
One was banned from University premises at certain times and the other was banned from attending organised social events. All three students were banned from attending their graduation ceremonies.
The Surrey University men's football club said that they "sincerely apologise" for its members actions during the Croatia tour.
In 2016, Matthew de Grood, the man who killed five people at a house party in Calgary, was found to be not criminally responsible for his actions.
Hungarian PM Orban defends his candidate for EU executive, "has solutions in pocket"
The EU transport commissioner-designate, Romanian socialist politician Rovana Plumb, and the proposed commissioner for EU enlargement, former Hungarian justice minister Laszlo Trocsanyi, were told their confirmation hearings could not go ahead because of inconsistencies in their financial statements, Reuters reported.
When passengers with children aged between eight days and two years old reserve their seat, a child icon automatically appears on the seat plan, alerting other passengers who have yet to select their seats.
The icon would not appear if passengers booked their flight through a third party or were part of a tour group, or if there was a last-minute change of aircraft, the airline's website said.
Others, though, castigated travellers for intolerance towards fellow passengers.
"They are babies, as we all once were. We need to learn tolerance or will soon start needing a map of seat locations for mouth breathers, droolers, farters, drunks, and perhaps a lot more things in life," one user said.
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, speaking on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday, said the United States has concluded the Syrian government used chemical weapons in an attack earlier this year.
Pompeo also called on the Assad government to release thousands of unjustly detained prisoners, including American journalist Austin Tice, who has been missing and presumed held by the government for seven years.
Tesla jumps on report Musk aims to deliver 100,000 cars this quarter
Five Greek and Georgian citizens have appeared in court on charges of belonging to a criminal organization that allegedly sold babies for adoption.
Police say it was one of the biggest and best-organized gangs of its kind in Europe. The continent's Europol police agency assisted the investigation.
Mike Pompeo, the US Secretary of State, said on Thursday that the United States had concluded the Syrian government had used chlorine as a chemical weapon in an attack in May during a battle with insurgents in Idlib.
"Today I am announcing that the United States has concluded that the Assad regime used chlorine as a chemical weapon on May 19," Mr Pompeo added.
Father Remains Hopeful That Suspect Who Fatally Shot Son One Year Ago Will Be Caught
"I wish I could trade places with you son, I wish I could trade places with you," Guy Alford, the victim's father, said.
"Somebody knows something, they need to say something," he said.
Security video, which has never been released, showed Alford stopped in the drive-thru when a second car pulled up behind him. Three suspects were then seen getting out of that car. One of them walked up to the driver's side, and shot Alford. The four people in Alford's car jumped out and ran. The suspects were then seen getting back into their car and driving away.
"Wherever this coward is, he will get caught," Alford said.
"They upped and ran out of my son's car like that, where did you run to," Alford said. "Did you go back and try to help him or what? Nobody said nothing."
"I can assure you, this one is going to get solved," he said.
And Johnson's weakness will give the 27 leaders facing him even less incentive to erase crucial red lines, despite the claim by Michael Gove, the UK minister in charge of a no-deal Brexit, that they're "shifting" on the backstop.
It was then sucked into oblivion in a rare cosmic occurrence astronomers call a tidal disruption event.
NASA's planet-searching telescope, the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite - TESS - captured the detailed timeline from beginning to end for the first time.
The black hole's impressive gravitational forces tear the star apart, with some of its material thrown into space and the rest into the black hole, forming a disc of hot, bright gas as it is swallowed.
UK business committee to probe Thomas Cook collapse
The UK's Civil Aviation Authority said today that 72 flights are scheduled to operate to bring back a further 16,000 people to the country following the collapse of travel group Thomas Cook.
"The main players in the sad demise of Britain's oldest travel firm should face public scrutiny and be held to account for their actions before the company collapsed," said Rachel Reeves, Chair of the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) Committee.
"Directors will welcome the opportunity to set the record straight and demonstrate that their conduct was always in the best interests of Thomas Cook's customers, employees and stakeholders," a person familiar with the company told Reuters.
Why The Times Published Details of the Whistle-Blower's Identity
On Thursday, The Times published exclusive details about the identity of the whistle-blower whose claims led Democrats to begin an impeachment inquiry against President Trump this week. (The article reported that the whistle-blower is a C.I.A. officer who was previously detailed to work at the White House and had expertise on Ukraine.)
Many readers, including some who work in national security and intelligence, have criticized The Times's decision to publish the details, saying it potentially put the person's life in danger and may have a chilling effect on would-be whistle-blowers.
China Says It Didn't Fight Any War Nor Invaded Foreign Land
China on Friday said it has not provoked a "single war or conflict" or "invaded a single square" of foreign land, skirting any reference to the 1962 war with India.
"China has always been dedicated to resolving territorial and maritime delimitation disputes through negotiation and consultation," stated an official white paper released, four days ahead of the country set to celebrate its 70th anniversary of the leadership of the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) on October 1.
"China safeguards world peace through real actions. Over the past 70 years, China has not provoked a single war or conflict, nor invaded a single square of foreign land," the paper titled "China and the World in the New Era" said.
The white paper, while highlighting the CPS's "peaceful rise" made no reference of the bloody 1962 war with India and the vast tracts of land, especially in the Aksai Chin area, occupied by China.
So far, the two countries held 21 rounds of Special Representatives talks to resolve the border dispute.
The monsoon was also late to arrive. Many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought.
Julian Assange: Private security firm 'spied on WikiLeaks founder in Ecuadorian embassy for CIA'
The company is being investigated over the claims by Spain's High Court, the Audiencia Nacional, said the report.
El Pais said UC Global SL had failed to respond to requests for comment on the claims.
In April, Assange was dragged out of the embassy after being handed over to the British authorities by Ecuador.
Omni Air flight lands in Baltimore after declaring emergency
The Federal Aviation Administration says an Omni Air International jet landed safely at Baltimore Washington International Airport after declaring an emergency.
Why we still need Gandhi
The leaders of the world's two largest democracies need to heed the principles of a remarkable man whose 150th birthday we are currently celebrating.
Mohandas Karamchand "Mahatma" Gandhi, who was born on Oct. 2, 1869, left a worldwide legacy with his focus on ethics, nonviolence, tolerance and social justice. He had a profound impact on two of the most important mass mobilizations in the United States.
The influence of Gandhi on the civil rights movement actually started well before the Rev. Martin Luther King's embrace of his ideals, with African-American activists such as Howard Thurman and Benjamin Mays undertaking long sea voyages to India to meet Gandhi.
Outside the United States, Gandhi had a similar effect. Nelson Mandela, the Dalai Lama, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and climate change activists, to give just a few examples, have acknowledged Gandhi as a guiding light.
But President Donald Trump and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who triumphantly addressed a joint mega-rally in Houston recently, seem to be impervious to Gandhi's ideas, despite paying lip service to him at the event. Both are right-wing populists who have ruled with scant compassion or tolerance, successfully mobilizing whites and Hindus in their respective countries as voting blocs, and fomenting division and social antagonism.
Modi has belonged, since he was 8 years old, to a Hindu nationalist organization known as the RSS, an ex-member of which, Nathuram Godse, assassinated Gandhi on Jan. 30, 1948. Indeed, parliamentarians from Modi's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party have heaped praise on Gandhi's killer in recent years.
Trump is singing from a similar songbook. His administration's Muslim-majority travel ban echoes the Islamophobia that often informs Modi's policymaking. Its callousness toward refugees mirrors the Indian government's disdain for the Rohingya population's suffering, and its detention camps parallel the ones the Modi regime is setting up. Trump's stirring of racial animosity is analogous to troublesome rhetoric from a number of Modi's cabinet members.
Trump and Modi would do very well to keep Gandhi's advice in mind, 150 years after his birth.
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Acting Administrator Peter Gaynor smiles as he testifies before a Senate Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee hearing on FEMA's FY2020 budget request on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2019.
U.S. President Donald Trump nominated Peter Gaynor on Thursday to head the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the White House said in a statement.
The agency has been without a Senate-confirmed administrator since March, when Brock Long left the post. Long resigned after the Department of Homeland Security, under which FEMA falls, concluded Long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between Washington and his home in North Carolina.
Gaynor's nomination to the post was expected. He will require a majority of the Senate to approve the nomination to take the job.
Man set alight on doorstep 'in targeted attack'
Police have launched an attempted murder inquiry after they were called to the man's house at about 1am on Thursday.
Democrats are largely in agreement about the strategy, with Pelosi saying during her press conference on Thursday morning that the whistleblower complaint is "the focus of the moment."
Rep. Angie Craig, a vulnerable freshman Democrat from Minnesota, who said earlier this week that she supported the impeachment inquiry said after the meeting that Pelosi and Democratic leaders mostly listened to the views raised by the lawmakers.
"I'm in a district where I've been reluctant to move forward only from the perspective where I want to be disciplined, I want to look at due process and want to make sure we get all of our facts -- and this process will allow us to do that," Craig said, adding she backed a narrow probe led by the House Intelligence Committee.
Still there has been a surge in support -- more than 75 House members in about three days -- of launching such an inquiry as part of the fallout from Trump's July 25 call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky where he discussed former Vice President Joe Biden. There is no evidence of wrongdoing by Biden.
A senior Trump administration official acknowledged Friday that White House lawyers directed moving the transcript of President Trump's July phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to a highly secure system.
The whistleblower alleged that the transcript was kept on a different system normally used for classified information. The whistleblower also said that, according to White House officials, it was "not the first time" a presidential transcript was placed into this system in order to protect politically sensitive information and not national security-sensitive information. The complaint alleged that the White House tried to "restrict access" to records of the call.
"In the days following the phone call, I learned from multiple U.S. officials that senior White House officials had intervened to "lock down" all records of the phone call, especially the official word-for-word transcript of the call that was produced - as customary - by the White House Situation Room," the whistleblower stated.
"The other thing, there is a lot of talk about Biden's son, that Biden stopped prosecution and a lot of people want to find out about that so whatever you can do with the Attorney General would be great," he said. "Biden went around bragging that he stopped the prosecution, so if you can look into it...sounds horrible to me."
This refers to Joe Biden, while vice president, urging Ukraine to fire its top prosecutor Viktor Shokin who was investigating the natural gas firm Burisma Holdings - where his son, Hunter Biden, was on the board. Biden allies maintain that corruption concerns prompted his intervention.
Meanwhile, Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow downplayed the importance of the record-keeping details.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi accused U.S. Attorney General William Barr Friday of going "rogue" to protect President Donald Trump over his controversial phone call with Ukraine's leader, which has led to an impeachment inquiry.
The California Democrat's words follow a release of the complaint Thursday, which was submitted by an unidentified intelligence official to Intelligence Community Inspector General Michael Atkinson. Atkinson turned it over to national intelligence director Joseph Maguire.
Pelosi announced an official impeachment investigation this week after Trump acknowledged he'd withheld military aid to Ukraine. The aid was ultimately granted, but House Democrats want to know whether there was any connection to the aid and Trump's asking Zelensky to investigate Hunter Biden, who worked for a Ukrainian gas company for five years.
"We applaud those members of Congress, including Speaker Pelosi, who have started us down that necessary path," the letter states. "President Trump appears to have leveraged the authority and resources of the highest office in the land to invite additional foreign interference into our democratic process. That would constitute an unconscionable abuse of power.
"It would also represent an effort to subordinate America's national interests -- and those of our closest allies and partners -- to the president's personal political interest."
Trump has denied there was any impropriety with the phone call. Friday, he denounced the complainant and again said the call with Zelensky was a "perfect conversation"
Human rights advocates are calling for an investigation into the death of a Chinese activist, arrested after holding up a placard calling for Chinese leader Xi Jinping to step down.
Wang Meiyu, 38, was detained in July after he stood outside the Hunan provincial police department holding a sign that called on Xi and Chinese premier Li Keqiang to resign and implement universal suffrage in China. He was later charged with "picking quarrels and provoking trouble," a vague offence often given to dissidents.
According to Radio Free Asia, Cao said police pressured her to accept their statement that Wang's death had been an accident but she refused. An officer at the Hengyang police station said he could not comment on the case. Wang's mother told the Guardian the family has been offered compensation of more than 2 million yuan (about $220,000).
"Giving compensation without an investigation or criminal accountability for the perpetrator is not true redress nor will it effectively prevent torture," said Frances Eve, deputy director of research at CHRD.
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine
"Modern animal welfare is about considering how an animal is coping both mentally and physically with the conditions in which it lives," ACT City Service Minister Chris Steel, who secured the bill, said in a media release.
Hong Kong police say student arrests at protests increase
Police public relations chief Tse Chun-chung said 207 high school and university students were detained this month alone despite the resumption of classes after the summer holiday, compared to 257 over the June-August period.
He said there was a rise in teenagers participating in violent crimes, with some already charged in court. This included a 16-year-old charged recently with arson, which carries possible a life imprisonment upon conviction, a 13-year-old girl charged with desecrating Chinese flags and others with attacking police officers and carrying dangerous weapons.
The Civil Human Rights Front is also planning another big march on Oct. 1, sparking fears of a bloody showdown that could embarrass China's ruling Communist Party as it marks its 70th year in power with grand festivities in Beijing. The Hong Kong government has scaled down National Day celebrations by calling off an annual firework display and moving a reception indoors.
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare
Neumann Kaffee Gruppe (NKG), one of the world's largest traders, said glyphosate was one of a number of substances it monitored on the coffee it buys. Nestle buys some of its coffee beans from NKG. It was too early to say what consequences Nestle's tighter controls would have on NKG, a spokesperson said.
"Our agronomists will continue to work with coffee farmers to help them improve their weed management practices, including the appropriate use of herbicides and adoption of other weeding methods," the Swiss company said.
Brands such as Nescafe and Nespresso make up a sizable chunk of Nestle's powdered and liquid beverages business, which generated sales of 21.6 billion Swiss francs ($21.7 billion) in 2018. Nestle last year agreed a deal to sell Starbucks' packaged coffees and teas around the world.
But that has not stopped thousands of people from filing lawsuits against Monsanto alleging that exposure to Roundup caused them or their loved ones to develop cancer.
A Utah man was convicted Thursday of killing six members of his extended family in Texas and faces the possibility of a death sentence.
A Harris County jury found Ronald Haskell, 39, guilty in the July 2014 killings of six members of the Stay family: parents Stephen Stay and Katie Stay, and children Bryan, 13, Emily, 9, Rebecca, 7 and Zach, 4.
"We are grateful for the jurors' rapt attention over the last many weeks to every piece of evidence in the case," Harris County District Attorney Kim Ogg said in a statement. "There was never a reasonable doubt that Haskell meticulously planned and carried out the slaughter of the Stay family."
The sentencing phase begins Monday. Haskell defense attorney Neil Davis III said his team will work "to save his life. That's our job," according to KPRC.
The sentencing phase is expected to last around 2 ½ weeks, the station reported.
At a 2014 memorial for her family, Cassidy thanked the community for its support and said that she was comforted knowing her parents, two brothers and two sisters are "in a much better place, and that I'll be able to see them again one day."
Haskell was disguised as a FedEx delivery driver when he went to the Stay home, apparently looking for his ex-wife, who is Katie Stay's sister.
A BAN on advertising for e-cigarettes and vaping products, is being considered by ministers.
It comes as it emerged a vaping-related illness had claimed two more lives, bringing the total number of fatalities to 11.
While most patients have reported a history of using products containing THC, the psychoactive compound in cannabis, the patient who died in Georgia on Wednesday reported only "heavy nicotine vaping."
The First Minister has confirmed the Scottish Government was monitorigin developments in the US and elsewhere "closely," following the loss of life that has been attributed to vaping.
She pointed out that to date they have not seen any cases of deaths attributed to vaping being reported in Europe.
"The European tobacco products directive restricts the advertising of e-cigarettes and ensures that e-liquids cannot contain ingredients that are known to be harmful.
Nov. 9 is Cambodia's independence day, celebrating when it obtained its freedom from France in 1953.
"My calls to the people and the armed forces of #Cambodia to rise up against the regime will continue until the regime has restored to the opposition its right to participate in the country's political life including genuine elections," Sam Rainsy said on Twitter earlier this week.
Other top party members fled into exile during a late 2017 crackdown on all opposition to Hun Sen, which included the arrest of the party's co-founder, Kem Sokha. He was charged with treason, based on his links to a U.S. pro-democracy organization, and is under strict house arrest.
The work is one of four shortlisted entries to the prestigious and often contentious annual art prize, founded in 1984 and given to an artist residing in Britain or British-born but living elsewhere.
Helen Cammock's video piece A Long Note, meanwhile, examines the overlooked role of women in the civil rights movement in Derry/Londonderry, Northern Ireland that began in 1968. The work also connects to broader global class, race and gender struggles during the late 1960s.
All works will be exhibited at Margate's Turner Contemporary gallery, from 28 September to 12 January 2020, and the winner of the Turner Prize 2019 will be announced at a ceremony on 3 December.
Named after 19th-century landscape painter JMW Turner, the award made stars of Grayson Perry, Damien Hirst and 12 Years a Slave director Steve McQueen.
A Florida man has pleaded guilty to kidnapping a plastic surgeon who was tortured with a blowtorch in an extortion attempt.
The Sun Sentinel reports 34-year-old Justin Boccio pleaded guilty Thursday to kidnapping and conspiracy to commit kidnapping in the January attack on the surgeon, who hasn't been publicly identified.
The House of Commons speaker says under current rules it will not be possible to go to the polls before October 31 - the day Britain is scheduled to leave the European Union.
The U.S. is sending a Patriot missile battery, four ground-based radar systems, and 200 support troops to Saudi Arabia to deter Iran's increasingly aggressive behavior, officials announced Thursday.
Esper said the deployment was a first step toward addressing Iran's increasingly violent acts in the region -- including this month's drone attack on Saudi Arabian oil facilities -- and he called on other nations to step up and condemn the attacks.
The U.S. calls on other countries to also "stand up and condemn the attacks," as well as contribute capabilities, the secretary said.
Meghan Markle was 'never asked' about Suits cameo
The creator of Suits, Aaron Korsh, has said he "never asked" Britain's Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, to reprise her role as Rachel Zane for a cameo in the show's last-ever episode.
In an interview with Deadline.com following the airing of Suits' finale in the US, Korsh was asked if there was "any possibility" of the former actress being asked "to do even a small cameo."
"Now that we already did it, I will tell you," Korsh replied.
"We decided not to put her in that position so I never asked."
The Duchess of Sussex appeared in archive Suits footage during the finale's montage.
She starred as Rachel Zane in the New York-set legal drama from 2011 until her final episode aired last year.
"If I told you how good, you probably wouldn't believe me," he replied.
Pit bull dies of snake bites while protecting Florida boys
Gary Richardson told WOFL-TV the boys were outside the family's home in Sumter County, Florida, on Monday, cleaning Zeus' water dish when the venomous coral snake slithered toward them. Richardson says the children didn't see the snake but the dog did and attacked it.
Germany reports landmark case of West Nile virus
The national disease control and tropical medicine centers said Friday the person developed encephalitis but recovered after hospital treatment.
The findings, from the the largest ever trial examining those having surgery for the disease, could spare thousands from gruelling treatment which can have distressing side-effects.
There was a difference of around 1 per cent between the groups, after data was adjusted to take account of other factors.
The study, funded by Cancer Research UK, found those who had radiotherapy were twice as likely to suffer a worsening of urinary incontinence, one of the main side effects of prostate cancer treatment.
However, he decided to take a polygraph test to dispel any speculation that he was the one who sent the tweet to himself, his lawyer Megan Kiefer, said. A lawsuit has not yet been filed on Dunlap's behalf, but he said in his statement that one would be coming, according to WWL-TV.
WWL Radio, which is a CBS News Radio affiliate but is owned by Entercom, said in a statement it had investigated the tweet and decided to refer the matter to law enforcement officials. "WWL has completed its investigation into the highly offensive, unauthorized tweet sent from WWL's Twitter account on September 10, which directed a homophobic slur at Seth Dunlap," said WWL Radio in a statement.
"We determined that the most appropriate next step is to involve law enforcement. At this point, the investigation is in the hands of law enforcement and it is not appropriate for us to comment any further on the substance of our findings," the statement continue.
Viola Davis discusses playing Michelle Obama in 'First Ladies'
Viola Davis says she's "terrified" to portray Michelle Obama in a new TV series.
"I'm terrified. I'm absolutely terrified," Davis said. "I don't care what else I've done in my life -- I've won an Emmy, I've won an Oscar, two Tonys -- but if I mess this up, this is going to be a defining moment in my life."
"It's like, 'You raised a great kid, but you messed up Michelle Obama,'" she jokingly added.
Davis said, however, that she's confident about the script, written by author Aaron Cooley. Davis and Cooley will also executive produce the show.
In addition to First Ladies, Davis will reunite with Denzel Washington, her Antwone Fisher and Fences co-star, in a Netflix adaptation of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom.
Ryan Reavis, 36, who was arrested in Lake Havasu City, Arizona, this week is accused of serving as Walter's "runner," who delivered the pills to Pettit.
Woman STRIPS TO NOTHING in Walmart to prove she didn't steal
A woman accused of shoplifting at a Walmart in Mexico City took drastic measures to prove her innocence, stripping stark naked in the middle of the supermarket as a stunned security guard looked on.
"I can't help the way I'm made," Whitehurst told the Sun.
West Bengal Government Plans To Set Up Museum At Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar's House
Kolkata:
West Bengal government has plans to set up a museum at the north Kolkata house of 19th century social reformer Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar where he had spent the last few years of his life, state minister Partha Chatterjee said.
The museum will come up at Vidyasagar's residence at Badur Bagan area where pictures and models, chronicling his life from his birth place at Birsinghapur village in Paschim Medinipur district to the house in north Kolkata, will be put on display, he said on Thursday.
Mr Chatterjee, who is the education minister, said this at a function after inaugurating "Vidyasagar Academy" at the Badur Bagan residence on the 200th birth anniversary celebrations of the educational and social reformer.
Listing other activities to be taken up by the academy, Mr Chatterjee said that a collection of hitherto unknown writings by Vidyasagar will be published.
"Those who are against the social reforms of Vidyasagar had vandalised his bust at the institution associated with his name," the minister said.