The coordinator of Navalny's Arkhangelsk headquarters was sentenced to community service
The Oktyabrsky district court of Arkhangelsk delivered its sentencing of the coordinator of Alexei Navalny's regional headquarters Andrei Borovikov.
For repeated infringements of the rules for conducting public gatherings (art. 212.1 of the Russian Criminal Code) the court sentenced him to 400 hours of community service, a Kommersant correspondent reports from the courtroom.
"All this time I wore an electronic bracelet and transmitter.
That is how they tracked my location.
I note that I was not restricted in my movements.
Recently I flew from Moscow where I was studying," said Andrei Borovikov.
KPRF, LDPR and SR representatives told Kommersant of their intentions to support the initiative.
The Kazan team suffered four defeats in a row in the Russian championships and dropped out of the Cup.
We are psyched up for every game, Izvestia quoted Mogilevets as saying.
There are games ahead of us – we need to prepare for them and fix the situation.
How?
If we knew, we would have probably already fixed it.
Later, the Emergency Situations Ministry said that it includes a ban on smoking on the balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
Infringement will be an administrative offense.
Gattuso is seeking work at one of Russia's clubs
Italian football trainer Gennaro Gattuso arrived in Russia in search of a new club.
He also worked as a trainer for Swiss team Sion, Greek team OFI and Italian teams Palermo and Pisa.
Earlier it was reported that negotiations between Pavel Mamayev and Dinamo were at risk of breaking down.
Former Milan coach arrives in Moscow to head Russian club
Gattuso won the 2006 world championships with the Italian national team.
On the club level, he was known for playing for Milan, winning the UEFA Champions Leage with them twice, in 2003 and 2007.
For the past two seasons, Gennaro led Rossoneri.
Ukraine's NSDC secretary resigned
The secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine Oleksandr Danylyuk wrote a notice of resignation, the office of the country's president reports.
"The president will look at it after he returns to Kyiv," Mr. Zelensky's office said.
The president of Ukraine signed a decree appointing former finance minister Oleksandr Danylyuk as secretary of the NSDC at the end of May.
Palkina comes ninth in World Championship qualifications.
Russian Sofiya Palkina took ninth place in the qualification hammer throw in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Palkina's chances for participating in the medal contention will become clear after the results of Group B are known.
Kvyat's car breaks down during first practice in Sochi
Russian Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat had to finish his first free Russian Formula-1 Grand Prix practice early.
The Russian's race car lost power and the driver couldn't make it to the pits.
Kvyat parked his car in one of the safety zones.
Before leaving the race, the Toro Rosso driver was in fifth place.
Earlier it was reported that Kvyat shared his expectations for the Sochi Grand Prix.
China is strongly opposed to the US adoption of Taipei legislation
Ma Xiaoguang, spokesperson for China’s Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, said on Friday.
This historic trajectory cannot be stopped by anyone or any force, said Xiaoguang.
Most of the violations concerning Chinese policy fall under "inciting hatred."
The document also lists 20 forbidden names of "foreign leaders or politicians" including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, US presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hee, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Producer Center is one of the Russian media companies that officially works with TikTok.
When asked about whether users could talk about politics or Putin on TikTok, Bogdanov spoke in the affirmative and said that he had seen such posts.
Roman Zaripov, founder of the Our Digital agency, agreed with Bogdanov: "The main rules for TikTok users are listed in the user agreement: no posting shocking content, discriminatory rhetoric and so on."
Zapirov's agency is another of TikTok's Russian partners.
According to its user agreement, only people over 13 years of age can use TikTok.
If the neural network decides that a user is younger, the user may be deleted, he added.
Istanbul residents spoke of an earthquake in the city
Last Thursday, 26 September, a 5.9-magnitude earthquake took place in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, ten of whom remain in hospitals.
Istanbul resident Melike admitted she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
I was weeping right at my workstation.
But I am so ashamed now!" the young woman told the "360" TV channel.
I still cannot go back!
But overall I am fine," the influential political analyst Ceylan Ozgul shared her impressions.
Toronto forward Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club's management.
Everything went well, TSN reported the player as saying.
The investigation materials were given to the regional Investigative Committee's office of criminal investigations.
Earlier URA.RU reported that the head doctor of the Yuzhnouralsk regional hospital was arrested.
Kommersant reported this, citing Central Bank information.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases there were restrictions on the use of financial services.
He explained that operators do not always respond to Central Bank warnings about fraudulent calls, referring to the lack of such an obligation in the law "On communication".
The bank Otkritie, Rosbank and Alfa Bank confirmed the information about the increased number of fraudulent phone calls with number substitution.
Their blocking would cause a breakdown in the organization's work.
Trade talks between the USA and China will restart on October 10 in Washington
The US and China's new reciprocal tariffs came into effect on September 1.
Meduza, MBKh Media, Voice of America, Current Time, Radio Liberty and BBC News Russian fell into the committee's field of view.
In the opinion of staff, it is obliged to comply with the laws of the country.
The head of Roskomnadzor Alexander Zharov accused the companies of applying double standards in the placement of political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed Ukraine's accession to NATO with Zelensky
Secretary-General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky discussed Ukraine's membership of the alliance at the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The secretary-general spoke of the discussions during his appearance at Columbia University in New York.
Alternative to the NATO path suggested to Zelensky in Crimea
Instead of pursuing NATO accession the president of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky should work on establishing good neighborly relations with Russia.
The co-chair of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets spoke about this on Friday, 27 September.
"Sir president of Ukraine should not repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but heed the advice of [US president] Donald Trump, which he listened to with a sour face, and improve relations with the president of Russia," Chegrinets told RIA Novosti journalists.
Chegrinets noted that he finds Zelensky to be a good actor, but a bad politician.
In his words, for this Ukraine must fulfill certain conditions.
On 5 June Rada deputy Yevgeny Balitsky said that the possible accession of Ukraine to the alliance does not guarantee improved life in the country.
Barcelona is coercing Neymar
Spanish club Barcelona and its former Brazilian football player Neymar are attempting to resolve a financial dispute, which arose after the striker's move to French club Paris Saint-Germain.
Otherwise, they refused to allow his return.
However, after literally one year, the forward moved to Paris Saint-Germain for a record 222 million euros.
Moreover, the Brazilian's lawyers insist that the club owes him interest for late payments.
But most interestingly, Neymar and Barcelona almost agreed that the "prodigal" player would return to Catalonia's fold in summer.
Conclusions are drawn on the credibility of the Estonian state based on the composition of the Bank of Estonia's council.
As long as members of the EKRE continue to speak before they think, none of them will be invited to join the council.
Beside Laar, the current, seventh composition of the council includes Liina Tonisson, Kaie Kerem, Urmas Varblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Estonian Reform Party), Enn Listra and Rein Minka.
Meanwhile, the Estonian Reform Party would like to see Jaanus Tamkivi replaced on the council by Andres Sutt.
Russian MFA commented on scandal in Kyrgyzstan with Malakhov's show
Malakhov said that the Kyrgyzstani citizen could have faked the accident.
Figure Skaters Artemeva and Nazarychev Win Junior Grand Prix Round in Zagreb
For their short and free programs, Artemeva and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
Another Russian pair, Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, were in second place with 177.58 points and bronze was won by Germans Annika Hocke and Rober Kunkel (156.31 points).
The winners of this round in Zagreb have advanced to the Junior Grand Prix Final.
Later on September 27, the juniors will perform their free skating programs in singles.
The judges gave her 163.78 points for her free skating and 74.91 points for her short program.
For the 15-year-old athletes, this was their first competition at the senior level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use only cosmetics produced in Belarus
Belarusian president Alexander Lukashenko intends to use only cosmetics produced in Belarus.
Lukashenko visited a local cosmetics production company in Minsk today.
"We should use our own", the Belarusian leader said.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Truck fatally strikes seven-year-old girl at crosswalk in Domodedovo
A driver struck a mother and daughter at a crosswalk in Domodedovo, the head of the press service for the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Moscow Oblast Tatiana Petrova reported to Interfax.
The mother and daughter were hit by a Domodedovo resident, born in 1994, driving a Gaz truck.
As a result of the accident, the seven-year-old child died on the spot, and the woman was hopsitalized.
The given article provides for a maximum penalty of up to 5 years' imprisonment.
The perpetrator is currently detained, concluded Petrova.
Former head of DPR told of his work in Russia
The bureaucrat spoke about this in comments to the Telegram channel Podyom.
Trapeznikov was nominated to the post of Elista mayor by Kalmykia head Batu Khasikov.
"People can write anything.
Even to the extent of various made-up stories.
I think it's not worth paying any attention," he added.
The Elista mayor also added that he has Russian citizenship, as well as a DPR passport.
On 26 September he took leadership of the Elista administration.
Putin and the Security Council discussed ensuring security without the INF Treaty
However, the secretary-general of the alliance Jens Stoltenberg said Putin's proposal was not credible.
A dump truck brought down an overpass on a highway under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised dump body knocked down two beams of an overpass that was under construction on the Tavrida Highway in Crimea.
The man driving the heavy vehicle forgot to lower the dump body and by the time he remembered, it was already too late to stop.
The driver leaped from the cabin and the dump truck collided with the overpass at speed.
The collapsing beams crushed the cabin and blocked the roadway, which is still not open.
The sum of the total damage still has yet to be determined, the losses are planned to be recovered from the highway's building subcontractor, the driver of which was responsible for the accident.
Parents are entrusting you with their child.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are being rented out for the cost of apartments on the outskirts
Offers are meeting demand as a result of apartments being rented out room by room.
A one-room apartment can be rented for the same sum not far from the Moscow Ring Road.
The second most affordable area is West Biryulevo (13,800).
Rooms in East Biryulevo and Veshnyaki cost 14,100 to rent.
The most expensive area outside of the Moscow Ring Road was Solntsevo where rooms cost almost 16,000 rubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butovo and Novo-Peredelkino cost slightly less.
How to increase your future pension and not overwork
NSPFs are private companies, reports Volgogradskaya pravda.ru.
All funds operate under the same rules, which are established by federal laws.
This way suits those who worked unofficially.
Recommendations for those who start thinking about the pension at the start of their working life.
Purchase real estate, currency, securities, save money in deposits.
Media representatives visit the fourth reactor of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant
A group of 15 media representatives were reported to have been granted access to the fourth reactor control room of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant as part of a presentation for a guidebook through the exclusion zone.
12 regions of Ukraine and 23% of Belarus were subject to radiation pollution.
19 regions in Russia were affected.
The ban on photography in the exclusion zone has also been lifted.
It had been previously reported that the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant exclusion zone was open to tourists on the Belorussian side.
Tarasov repeated Ibrahimovic's trick
Tarasov posted the footage of the trick on his Instagram account.
Ibrahimovic challenged Manchester United halfback Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent, Mino Raiola, to repeat the trick in a comment under the post.
It was earlier reported that the wife of a Ukrainian football player took up Ibrahimovic's challenge.
Trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia may reach $6 bln at year-end 2019
At the end of last year it stood at 13 percent, and reached the indicator of $5.5 billion.
TNT decides rapper Guf not good enough for the Bachelor
People spent several days online discussing whether the rapper Guf is good enough to be the new Bachelor.
They remembered him for his numerous infidelities and antics with escorts, and they even decided that the musician wanted to thereby rehabilitate himself after the scandalous Moscow clip that received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the TNT management decided to put a stop to all the gossip at once.
Guf will not be the new bachelor on the show.
In an official statement, the press service said that he was considered for the role, but in the end they chose another candidate.
Who could be better than Guf?
Basically, anyone...
"At the least the producers were able to somehow figure out that he isn't right for the program", "Yeah, they just couldn't find any willing girls to recruit for him", "They're going to foist another pretty boy onto the screen", users said online, commenting on the news.
Russian mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Magomed Ismailov commented on his victory over Artem Frolov in the ACA 99 competition in Moscow.
This fellow is simply a cannon.
His strikes are like cannon blows.
This is a real man.
I tried.
Did I promise a show?
Deutsche Welle could lose accreditation, be recognized as foreign agent
Documents for the recognition of Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent will be sent to the Ministry of Justice.
Materials for the loss of accreditation in Russia will be submitted to the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Ukraine hit as well
A large-scale malfunction occurred in the Facebook social network in Europe.
Recall that before that, the social network "fell" on September 23.
Facebook is also inaccessible in practically all of Poland, and in certain places in Belarus and the Baltic states.
Note that users also experienced problems with Wikipedia in early September.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old will be signed for two years with the possibility of extending it for another season.
Mamaev previously played for Torpedo Moscow and CSKA Moscow.
Mamaev was serving a sentence together with Zenit player Alexander Kokorin for participating in fights in the center of Moscow in October of last year.
They were released from prison on parole in mid-September.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A resident of the American town Oakland Park, Florida, was arrested on charges of attempted murder after he waved a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in trash.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers who had come out for an evening walk.
Miller saw Beavers' find and got upset.
The men began to argue.
He caught up with Beavers near his house.
Miller withdrew the sword from its sheath and began to wave it at the cart snatcher.
Beavers told Miller that the scene was being videoed.
After noticing the video camera, Miller ran away, but threatened to return.
Police had already been searching for Miller for driving without a license.
This was how he reacted when guests at a wedding, in the hotel where he was staying, would not let him smoke.
Minyailo had been under arrest for almost two months – several professional communities came to his defense: historians, priests, literary artists.
As a result, only two of those accused of taking part in a riot remain (at first there were 13 defendants): Sergei Fomin, transferred on September 3 to house arrest and Samariddin Radzhabov, who the day before had his arrest extended till the end of December (he is also accused of using force against government authorities, Article 318 of the criminal code).
The man was given 80 hours of correctional labor and one year of probation.
"Common sense isn't the strongest side of our system", Bartetsky commmented on the court's decision.
A Japanese airliner has made an emergency landing in Khabarovsk
Another aircraft has taken off from Tokyo to collect the people.
A spokesperson for Khabarovsk airport told the agency that the incident was caused by a drop in oil pressure in one of the aircraft's engines.
Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs proposes punishment for insulting the police online
The document's explanatory memo notes that it is being developed in connection with the need to protect the honor and dignity of police officers from "the spread of information of a defamatory nature, including that of a discrediting nature, in information and communication networks, including on the internet".
At the same time, the explanation on the document notes that the provisions of the amendments will be applied "by individualizing the mechanism" already provided for by the law on blocking posts offending government officials and the law on fines for such posts.
According to the explanatory memo, the amendments to the law "On the Police" should come into force in January 2020.
Timeframe announced for lowering mortgage rate
This was announced by the CEO of the credit organization Dom.rf Alexander Plutnik, Interfax reports.
The program provides for "ensuring affordable housing for average-income families, including by creating the possibility of acquisition (construction of housing by them using mortgage credit, the interest rate of which should be below 8 percent)".
Well known sources of phytoestrogens include all types of beans (the most popular being soy), hops, and flax seed.
Veretennikov called for the revival of Kazakhstan's Zhenis.
The Astana club, which was in previous years called Dinamo, Tselinnik, Astana and Zhenis, was disbanded in 2014.
Veretennikov played for the team in 2004 and 2008.
"I heard how fans organized a movement to revive the Zhenis football club.
And I could not ignore it!
I will always remember the Munaitpasov Stadium at which I scored my 200th career goal.
Zhenis should return!
The Bastion missile system launched an Oniks missile in Chukotka
The Ministry of Defense has launched a cruise missile from the Bastion missile system for the first time in Chukotka.
Hydrometcenter of Russia lists examples of folk wisdom that are correct
People often say of swallows that if they are flying low that usually means rain.
This can be explained simply - when there is high humidity the gnats' wings become wet and the birds are forced to fly lower in order to catch them, TASS reported.
Different continents have their own folk wisdom.
Groundhog Day is a traditional folk holiday in the US and Canada, where it is marked every February 2.
On this day, the groundhog should be observed as it crawls out of its burrow to determine when spring will arrive.
Reports of oil spills first began appearing on September 2.
The Brazilian Institute of Environment and Renewable Natural Resources conducted an analysis of the samples that have been found.
State-run oil firm Petrobras, which analyzed the samples, announced that their composition did not correspond to oil recovered from deposits on Brazilian territory.
Most likely it found its way into the ocean currents," Rogério Almeida, coordinator for the oil workers union in the states of Pernambuco and Paraíba, told the Brazilian news portal G1.
To recap, the business community raised the issue of outdated regulations after the closure of a cafe in the AnderSon chain.
33 agencies were included in the list
Investigators currently have information about three thefts involving the detainee
He stole batteries and vehicle audio equipment from cars.
The thief probably intended to sell the stolen items.
A 26-year-old unemployed person is in custody.
Russians have nothing to save for retirement according to V. Matvienko
How timely its introduction is here is another matter.
The Speaker believes that Russians can't understand how pensions are formed and calculated, because "constant changes in this area have completely confused them".
"But our steps in this direction should be thoughtful and responsible, taking domestic realities into account", V. Matvienko told RIA Novosti.
The head of the Federation Council emphasized that if this initiative (the bill on guaranteed pension product) develops, then several basic principles must be specified, including voluntariness, tax preferences for citizens and employers, and strict guarantees and state responsibility for ensuring the safety of pension savings.
On September 6, the Russian Ministry of Finance announced the submission of the bill on guaranteed pension product (GPP) for approval.
Spider-Man remaining in the Marvel movie universe.
Sony and Disney come to agreement
News of the beloved superhero's departure from the Marvel movie universe angered many loyal fans.
This was announced in a Sony press release stating that the third Spider-Man film with Tom Holland will be released on July 16, 2021.
Earlier it was reported that Spider-Man would leave the Marvel movie universe because Disney and Sony Pictures couldn't come to an agreement on the division of revenue.
Sony owns the rights to the movie hero.
As reported, at some point this situation was no longer suitable for Disney, and the company wanted to reexamine the agreement.
The president of Marvel Studios, Kevin Feige, said that he's excited.
It's amazing that Spidey's journey in the Marvel movie universe will continue.
Spider-Man is an iconic figure.
At the same time, Feige noted that Sony is creating its own cinematic universe built around Spider-Man.
Tom Holland, who has played Spider-Man in five films, apparently commenting on the news, posted a quote from the film Wolf of Wall Street on his Instagram account, where the hero Leonardo DiCaprio shouts, "I'm not leaving!"
As the media reported, Disney wanted to take half of the box office revenue from Spider-Man films, provided that both companies would pay half the cost of producing the pictures.
But this did not suit Sony.
News of the possibility of the beloved superhero leaving the Marvel movie universe angered many loyal fans.
We are glad that we can move forward together."
The film Avengers: Endgame, which united Spider-Man, Thor, Hulk, and other Marvel superheroes, was the highest-grossing in world cinematic history, replacing Avatar.
The President of Belarus is invited to visit Crimea
The head of the Belarusian community in Crimea Roman Chegrinets has invited the president of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko to visit the peninsula.
The main dream is the transfer of power by inheritance
How Lukashenko's 25-year rule in Belarus is remembered
Chegrinets expressed certainty that Belarusian enterprises will follow Lukashenko to Crimea, RIA Novosti reports.
However in Kiev and in the West, the results of the vote are not recognized.
Death to the punishers".
Poltava's subscribers are sure that his reports are needed and wish him strength and patience.
The blogger ran for Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity Party.
He now hosts a show on the channel Pryamoy, where he harshly criticizes Russian propaganda.
"In addition to energy, the Riigikogu may focus on measures in the agriculture, transport, forestry and housing spheres as part of national discussions.
The socio-economic impact of all changes needs to be taken into account," said Sikkut.
Chelsea luring Neymar with record salary
This is reported by El Desmarque.
According to the publication's information, the London club will make the Parisians an offer in the summer transfer window.
It is noted that Chelsea plans to pay PSG 300 million euros, and offer Neymar a contract with a salary of 42 million euros, which would make him the world's highest-paid player.
The boy was put in a cast, and afterwards developed gangrene.
Investigators are looking into the incident.
The head of the Regional Office of the Ministry of Internal Affairs press service Olga Evdokimova reported about it to Interfax.
The accident occurred in the Serdobsk Region on Friday evening.
The driver of the Ford Focus struck all three of them.
The accident is being investigated.
Law enforcement officials arrested Sergey Rybnikov, the former head of the Investigative Unit of the Internal Security Division of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Kabardino-Balkaria, in a rented apartment in Krasnodar.
Citing representatives from the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Russian Investigative Committee, RIA News reported that he had been wanted since May for corruption.
16 individuals are involved in the case.
Oleg Vinnik lands in Mirotvorets database: what happened
A message about it appeared on the database's official site.
Recall that the clip included Vladimir Pozner, Mireille Mathieu (France), Alessandro Safina (Italy), Valeria, Soso Pavliashvili, Igor Krutoy, Zara, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Denis Klyaver, Valery Syutkin, Dmitry Malikov, Maxim Pokrovsky, Yana Poplavskaya, Maxim Averin, Ksenia Alferova, Nonna Grishaeva, and others.
Vinnik was the only Ukrainian participant in the project.
Recall that a wave of indignation arose online.
It was established that the instigator of the crimes was the elder of the brothers who had spent time in a juvenile detention facility in his youth.
On his own he robbed nine houses, the others joined in later.
The damage from each theft was from three to 21 thousand rubles.
"The brothers are sentenced to 3 years 6 months' imprisonment in a general regime penal colony, and the two other defendants – to two years 10 months' and 1 year 6 months' suspended prison sentence," the Khabarovsk region prosecutor's senior assistant Yulia Vasilyeva was quoted by the agency.
Medvedev: Kokorin continues individual training program
Petersburg Zenit forward Alexander Kokorin is continuing to train under an individual program after his release on parole, TASS reports citing the team's general director Alexander Medvedev.
Last Thursday, 26 September, the striker started training with Zenit-2.
The trainer of the second dark blue-white-sky blue team Vladislav Radimov posted a photo of Kokorin on his Instagram page.
The inebriated sportsmen beat up three people.
They spent a long time in pretrial detention.
The first fight under Alexander Emelianenko's rules is set to take place on November 29.
The first MMA bout under Alexander Emelianenko's rules is to take place in Moscow on November 29 – on the undercard boxing match between Emelianenko and strongman Mikhail Koklyaev.
Fights have been lost in the spectacle, said Emelianenko in an interview with SE.
There is nothing to look at.
That is why I have thought up a new mixed martial art – Universal World Fight.
The rules call for three different rounds.
A mixed-style fighter should be able to do it all – work standing, wrestle, and work on the ground.
Everything is permitted in the third round.
When will the first tournament using your rules take place?
November 29.
With the undercard bout with Koklyaev.
But it is still not known how many bouts there will be.
A veteran and his spouse were killed in a Russian city
The bodies of a man and woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
It is noted that signs of violent death were found on them.
A criminal case has been opened into what happened.
The investigation is following different leads, including mercenary motives for murder.
The investigation is currently under way.
A criminal case was opened under part 4 of article 111 of the Russian Criminal Code ("Intentional infliction of a grave injury, causing the death of the victim by negligence").
KAMAZ-master is sending four teams to Dakar Rally 2020
This was announced by the team's press service.
Starting from 2020, the Dakar marathon rally will be taking place in a new location.
The deputy director of the Confederation of Indian Industry Manish Kumar spoke of this at the 5th Anniversary Small and Medium-Sized Businesses Forum of the SCO and BRICS Regions.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
A necessary step for us towards economic well-being.
Pumping stations were built above them.
Purification and sanification facilities were reconstructed.
Plans call for Sokolovsky and Zhukovsky water intakes to be connected.
Water purification facilities are to be expanded in Vagai
Congress sees "Russian influence" in Trump's talks with Zelensky
The lower house of the US Congress has accused Russia of involvement in a scandal arising from a telephone conversation between White House head Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.
MSNBC News reports that House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that "Russians" may somehow be behind the episode.
"I think that Russia had a hand in this," said the Democrat, while refraining from further comment.
This comes after a complaint by an intelligence informer against Trump.
It is noted that the payment per share will be 883.93 rubles.
According to data from the Moscow Stock Exchange at 18:03, the value of one Nornikel share rose 1.04% to 16,500 rubles.
Wang Yi met with Secretary-General of the United Nations A. Guterres
A. Guterres announced at the meeting that China is playing an extremely important role in the creation of a multipolar world.
The creation of a multipolar world was not possible without multilateralism – a symbol of which was the main goals and principles established in the UN Charter.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
It was previously reported that President Rodrigo Duterte allowed citizens to shoot corrupt officials.
Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla and SpaceX, reacted to an invitation from the organizers of a Krasnodar business forum to attend their event.
The billionaire commented under one of the uploaded photos of the "inviting billboard" near his company's office.
While it's uncertain what Musk meant by his response, many Russians, including the forum speakers, are hoping the billionaire will present.
They dressed the businessman in a Cossak outfit and proposed that in Kuban, Musk would be presented with an electric saber, electric crop, and electric saddle for a horse.
Famous land artist created portrait of Greta Thunberg
It had to happen sooner or later.
The image of Greta Thunberg has been immortalized by a tractor on a field.
US Congress gives approval to sell F-35 fighter aircraft to Poland
We will do everything possible to get the best possible price,” Błaszczak wrote on his Twitter page.
The kp.ru website wrote that the American F-35s are to replace the Soviet-produced MiG-29s and Su-22s that Poland currently has in service.
The bilateral deal is expected to raise the republic's security.
Russian Defense Ministry publishes video of launch of supersonic Onyx missile in Chukotka
The Bastion coastal complex of the Pacific fleet has launched the supersonic Onyx cruise missle for the first time.
As the television channel Star reports, the missile flew in standard mode.
About 10 combat ships, as well as marine aicraft provided for the safety of the maneuvers.
Equipment and military personnel were delivered to the place of training on a landing craft.
The combat crew fired at the sea target, located at a distance of more than 200 kilometers
An expert told why it's worth giving up teabags
Dust particles may also be added to the packaged drink, food safety expert Elizaveta Tikhonova told Nation News.
The dust is not thrown away at the end of the season, so it may end up in the tea.
Problems associated with the colonization of the Arctic are being discussed at an international conference in Norilsk
The forum was organized by the Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Researchers Club, the Krasnoyarsk State TV and Radio Broadcasting Company reported.
Papers are being presented by academics from Moscow, St. Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk and Dudinka.
The mass start will take place in Pribrezhny park.
The participants of the festival will be teams from different towns and districts of Ulyanovsk region, who won in the municipal stages.
Participants had to overcome a distance of 3 km by Nordic walking.
Regions asked to share business support secrets
The exchange of information about positive initiatives implemented in the regions could stimulate the development of entrepreneurship overall.
The first step towards such an exchange will be sharing the information that the Council of Economic Policy has," the senator told Parlamentskaya Gazeta.
Useful experience
A cluster development center is functioning in Oryol region.
The self-employed are continuing to come out of the shadows
Bryansk region believes it is important to tighten control over unscrupulous producers of dairy products, using the Mercury veterinary system.
Japan Airlines (JAL) passengers now can use the new service to avoid these undesirable seats next to small children.
The air carrier unveiled a service that tracks which spots will seat children.
Several of them thanked the air carrier, remarking that other airlines should follow suit.
One user complained that several weeks ago while flying from New York to Doha three crying babies were seated directly next to them.
Previously, a woman traveling with an infant tried to win over her fellow passengers during a flight from Seoul to San Francisco.
Oleg Tabakov's train in the capital's metro?
This train carries 10 thousand people every day.
Incidentally, from Konkov it's convenient to get to the shows on the theater's new stage (located on Malaya Sukharevskaya Square, near Sukharevskaya metro station).
The inside of the train tells about his family, the play "The Sailor's Silence," which began the great life of the theater, the Tabakerka itself, and the director's work.
The MITs Izvestia press center will host the press conference of the MKhAT project "SEASON OF VERSE Third stage. Poetry"
The shows will take place in October and November.
Every production has its own author, curator and actor.
Pavel Ustinov joins pickets in support of defendants in "Moscow Case"
Besides Ustinov, the posters had the names of Egor Zhukov, Kirill Zhukov, Daniel Beglets, Evgeny Kovalenko, Konstantine Kotov, Ivan Podkopaev, Aidar Gubaidulin, Alexei Minyailo, Sergei Fomin, Samariddin Radzhabov, Nikita Chirtsov, Edward Malyshevsky, and Vladislav Sinitsa.
On September 16, the Tver Court of Moscow sentenced the 24-year-old Ustinov to 3.5 years in a penal colony on charges of violence against a riot police officer at an uncoordinated rally on August 3 in the center of Moscow (part 2, article 318 of the Russian criminal code).
Then, on September 20, by request of the Prosecutor General, the court changed Ustinov's sentence from detention in custody to recognizance.
Theater and film artists started a flash mob in support of their colleague.
Human rights activists, journalists, scholars, teachers, doctors, and Orthodox priests demanded that the case be reviewed.
As Ustinov's sister Julia reported to Interfax, her brother does not plan to speak at the meeting in support of the defendants of the "Moscow Case" on September 29 in the capital.
This refers to the supply of goods that was not subject to the embargo.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein "joined" the list – from January 1, 2016, Ukraine was added.
Furthermore, the government authorized the destruction of sanctioned goods using any legal method.
A new-format school is opening in Khamovniki.
It was decided to name the educational institution New View.
The project will be overseen by the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and the Foundation for Economic Development of Higher Education.
Work on the design of the approximately 10,000 square meter institution is planned to already begin next year.
Construction is to be completed by the end of 2022 and classes are to start already the following year.
Its overall cost, according to ESO estimations, exceeds a billion euros.
It will consist of 798 hexagonal 1.4-meter segments.
The contract to produce the main mirror, the total cost of which was about 400 million euros, was received by the German company SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.