State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises entered the revolutionary base area of south Jiangxi.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements of the theme of “Remain true to our original aspiration and keep our mission firmly in mind”, the Central Military-Civilian Integration Office, the State Administration of Science and Industry for National Defense, and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized the research event of “state-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises entering the revolutionary base areas in southern Jiangxi" to review the history of the revolution, follow the red footprints, and pass on the red genes, thus the purpose of this activity is to interface with the needs of related enterprises and Ganzhou City and to accelerate the development of revolutionary areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, executive deputy director of the Central Military-Civilian Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, deputy minister of the United Front Work Department of the CPC Central Committee, secretary of the CPC leading party group and executive vice chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, director of the State Administration of Science and Industry for National Defense, Li Bingjun, deputy secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Party Committee, and other officials attended the survey.
The enterprises participating in the survey included 8 military industrial corporations such as the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, 10 private state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, and 15 advantageous private enterprises such as the Yanxiang Group.
China North Industries Group, China Steel Research Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd., and Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnet Technology Co., Ltd. made speeches respectively on behalf of the military industry group, state-owned enterprises, private enterprises, and local enterprises, and they have stated that they will continue to strengthen the docking of state-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises with the needs of Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually expand the areas of cooperation, help the industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote the high-quality development of revolutionary areas.
The research activities made the visitors learn more about the unique industrial development advantages of the areas in the south Jiangxi, it clarified the key tasks of economic and social development in the areas, strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises to serve the people, and spirit of entrepreneurship, and it played an important role in mode transformation and structural adjustment of the former Central Soviet Area, which will bring great benefits to people's livelihood, and will promote positive changes in quality, efficiency, and power of economic development.
The Beijing Administration for Market Regulation said that during the National Day holiday, they will strengthen the emergency response mechanism, perform continuous market inspection and regulation, and quickly handle various market regulation problems according to laws, and that they will also seriously handle offensive operating behaviors reported by the public and effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers once it is confirmed these reports are accurate.
The Confucius Institute at Royal Academy of Cambodia announces results of Chinese essay contest
Zhong Jifa, diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, and Wei Siyu, representative of the Cambodian Chinese Council and President of Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, presented the awards to the winners.
Chai Keqing, Chinese president of the Confucius Institute at the Royal Academy of Cambodia, said that the contest lasted for two months, and that entrants participated at the three levels of Cambodian primary school students, middle school students (including specialized students), and college students (including all citizens).
Zhong, diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Jifa presented award certificates to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university team, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school team.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were judged separately, and that senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to review them, and through their initial evaluation, reevaluation, and final evaluation, one first-prize winner, two second-prize winners, three third-prize winners, and 10 award for excellence winners were selected from the university team, while one-first prize winner, five second-prize winners, 10 third-prize winners and 20 award for excellence winners were selected from the primary and secondary school team.
Lin Weicai, the first prize winner in the university team, said that he has been learning Chinese for 15 years, which has made a great impact on his life.
Since the US President Trump withdrew from the nuclear agreement in May last year and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran has been gradually violating the restrictions on nuclear agreements reached with major powers in 2015.
On the afternoon of the 25th, local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Motegi Toshimitsu held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York, where Motegi was paying a state visit, and they confirmed that they will push ahead negotiations for concluding the peace treaty covering the territorial issues of the Four Northern Islands (the disputed islands between Japan and Russia; Japan calls these islands the “Four Northern Islands”, Russia calls them the “South Kuril Islands”), as well as develop bilateral relations across a wide range of political and economic issues in the future; they also concluded that Motegi will pay a state visit to Russia as soon as possible, Kyodo News Agency reported.
Motegi expressed his hopes for the trial tourism business scheduled to be implemented in October, “I look forward to its successful implementation, so we can take the next step. ”
Nukualofa news: Pohiva Tuionetoa, the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, was elected as the new Prime Minister of Tonga by the South Pacific Island Tonga Parliament on the 27th, to replace Akilisi Pohiva, the former prime minister, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the MATANGI website of Tonga's main media, the Tongan parliament is unicameral, consisting of 26 senators.
Tuionetoa also needs to accept the appointment of the King.
Chinese Women’s Volleyball Team Expected to Defend the World Cup Championship in Advance!
Of course, the Dutch Women’s Volleyball Team is not to be underestimated, and the Chinese Women’s Volleyball Team was prepared to meet the challenge before the match, so Lang Ping wasn’t surprised when the team lost one round, “It’s normal to win or lose a match against a powerful team, and it’s also normal to play five rounds, so we told our team members to work hard”, said Lang Ping.
In another match on September 27, the Russian and American women’s volleyball teams played 5 rounds, and the American team failed to score 3 points from their opponents, thus, the Chinese Women’s Volleyball Team can defend its championship by one round in advance, as long as it scores three points in the match against Serbia.
All things are currently going in the Chinese Women’s Volleyball Team favor.
Judging from the current league table, it is essentially impossible for the Serbian team to win the cup, which means that they will feel no stress in the match against the Chinese Women’s Volleyball Team, but they will also make every possible effort to attack the Chinese team, while the Chinese team, in contrast, will feel pressure to defend the championship, which could possibly affect its state.
Besides, the Serbian team, now consisting of backup players, is absolutely not a lamb for anyone to slaughter; in an earlier match against the Dutch team, the Serbian team played five rounds, and finally the Second Serbian Team turned the situation around and defeated the Dutch team, which was composed entirely of first line players, at 3:2, reflecting a very powerful lineup.
Now, the team has sounded the call to defend the championship, and the match has entered its “white-hot stage”.
The University of Macau (UM) held the Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium today (September 27, 2019), attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau and other countries and regions, who are engaged in research of "outer stem cells", to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students in Macao universities.
According to Mr. Ge, as a leading comprehensive international university in the west of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA), UM is committed to building itself into a talent training base and a technology innovation center in the west of the GBA to promote innovation and development of the bay area.
Professor Deng Chuxia, the Dean of UM's Faculty of Health Sciences (FHS), said that in recent years, UM has been strengthening its research innovation and translation, has significantly improved the quantity and quality of its research publications, and has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and Dean of the Institute of Primate Translational Medicine at Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the studying of the formation of monkey and human embryos in vitro and their molecular mechanisms using 3D cultivation system; Jing Naihe, a researcher from the Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology of the CAS, from the level of single cells and molecules, expounded on the spatial and temporal changes of cell lineage and histogenesis in post-implantation of mouse embryos; and Wang Yong, a professor from Pennsylvania State University, showed how to use the biomaterial hydrogel to simulate the niche of stem cells for survival and delivery.
The Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium was sponsored by FHS, was co-organized by the ICMS and the State Key Laboratory of Quality Research in Chinese Medicines and the Macau University of Science and Technology, and was attended by the Acting Senior Manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund, Chen Gongan and others.
Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, President of the People’s Republic of China and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award “the Medal of the Republic”, “the Medal of Friendship” and the Medal of National Honorary Titles to the winners of the National Medal and the National Honorary Title, and make an important speech.
The “Medal of the Republic” uses red and gold as the main colors; its body shows national emblems, the five-pointed star, the Yellow River, the Changjiang River, mountain peaks, peonies and other elements; its chain is done in Chinese knots, ruyis, orchids and other elements; it is made using processes such as cold press molding, filigree inlaying, and enamel; and it symbolizes great contributions to the construction and development of the Republic made by the medal winners, respectfully exalts the highest national honor, expresses the wish for our motherland to be thriving and prosperous, and symbolizes that people of all ethnic groups in China are united as one to realize the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.
“The Medal of Friendship” takes gold and blue as the main colors; its body adopts peace dove, the earth, handshake, lotus and other elements; its chain adopts Chinese knot, rohdea japonica, peony, jade, orchid and other elements; it is made manually by the traditional processes of filigree inlaying, wire inlaying enamel, etc.; and it symbolizes that the Chinese people are friendly and united with the people of all countries and the friendship is everlasting, and wishes the prosperity and development of all countries in the world.
The Medal of National Honorary Titles takes red and gold as the main colors; its body adopts five-pointed star, Tiananmen, peony, flag, light rays and other elements; its chain adopts Chinese knot, flowers and other elements; it is made by the processes of cold pressing molding, filigree inlaying, enamel, etc.; and it symbolizes the great contribution in various fields and industries by the National Honorary Title winners, manifests the demonstration and leading effects, and inspires the people of all ethnic groups in China to remain true to the original aspiration, keep our mission firmly in mind and work tirelessly to realize the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.
The conferring ceremony will be broadcast live by the Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhua Network, and will be synchronously broadcast by the central key news websites such as Peoples Network, CCTV, China Network, etc. as well as the new media platforms such as People’s Daily client, Xinhua News Agency client, CCTV news client, etc.
Stoltenberg said:” The competition we are facing is getting fiercer and fiercer.
On September 24th, the "Take me on a trip with a cruise ticket" event was held in Juzizhoutou, Changsha, for which more than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Star of Juzizhoutou cruise ship to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiang River, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the republic of China.
56-year-old Zhao Zhengang is a physically handicapped person who rarely travels due to his inability to use his feet.
The relevant manager of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that in the past 70 years, with the support of the party and the government, the cause of disabled people in Changsha has continued to develop and make progress, and more and more disabled people have truly become participants and contributors in the economy and society, while caring and helping the disabled and supporting the disabled cause have gradually become widespread social consensus.
Like an old farmer strolling in the fields, Yuan Longping, who devotes himself to hybrid rice research and cultivates a high-yield hybrid rice strain to prevent nationwide starvation; or Nan Rendong, a chief scientist who strives to open China's "eyes" (the world’s largest telescope, FAST), who has concentrated on one thing throughout his entire life, and who, as he eats dry steamed buns in the mountains of Guizhou, a remote area, looks similar to the old men who have experienced the hardships of life in that small village; or Zhou Ruchang, China's leading scholar of the classic novel A Dream of Red Mansions, who was once a rural boy who received a very late education and still had an innocent heart in his old age, and though he possesses a thorough knowledge of both China and the West, he doesn’t act like a scholar at all, instead appearing to the world as a man with disheveled white hair who laughs heartily when he encounters valuable ideas; or Qin Yi, whose fame as a filmmaker is overwhelming in China, and who still frolics in the grasslands for six or seven hours a day for rehearsal despite being over 90 years old, and was willing to perform as an anonymous old maid in “Legend of the Devil Cat”.
They seek their own virtue and live a simple but persistent life, and their passion ignites as they are immersed in careers which outsiders do not understand but which they themselves cherish, regardless of high position and great wealth.
Just like the floor-sweeping monk in the Sutra Pavilion of Shaolin Temple in Jin Yong's novel - though he is exceptionally skillful in martial arts, he is neither arrogant nor vainglorious, neither happy nor sad.
The responsibility to develop our country lies not only on the shoulders of heroes, but on hundreds of millions of Chinese.
Once the words of a female middle school student were popular among netizens, "When a hero passes by, someone has to sit roadside and applaud, I don't want to be a hero, I just want to be the one who sits roadside and applauds. ”
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding a hero.
But at the annual meeting, he asked the old master of the reception room to come on stage and tell his story, and it turned out that the master sent and received countless newspaper and letters in a whole year without a single mistake, to which Zou Bihua said, "It isn’t easy to do simple things perfectly," and then led the judges in a round of applause for this "floor-sweeping monk".
The floor-sweeping monk has the Sutra Pavilion of Shaolin Temple; Yuan Longping has his vast experimental rice fields; Nan Rendong has FAST; Qin Yi has her stage; and Zhou Ruchang has a pulpit…it takes more than just our own efforts to become a hero, it also takes a good environment and positive incentives.
Nan Rendong, who enjoyed world-class scientific research conditions and salary in Japan, insisted on returning home with an almost crazy idea: to build a new generation of "radio telescopes" in China to receive more messages from outer space!
However, the motherland trusted Nan Rendong, and thus began the FAST project.
It took 12 years to select the site and another 9 years from the establishment of the project to its completion.
Young talents and white-haired heroes walk by everywhere as people applaud gently by the roadside: what a beautiful and harmonious nation!
Jilin City is one of them.
Said Liu Lijuan, executive head of Haifaner International Kindergarten, which held the event.
Liu Lijuan said the kindergarten has always advocated the concepts of low carbon and environmental protection, and that environmental protection lectures are held on a regular basis.
Sortable trash bins are also placed inside the kindergarten, which bear symbols of garbage types.
The teachers educating children about recyclable garbage, photographed by Cang Yan.
3.2929 million tons were landfilled, 2.0923 million tons were incinerated, and 80,100 tons were utilized in various ways.
The issued document, Work Plan for Promoting Garbage Classification at the Prefecture Level in Jilin Province, requires the introduction of garbage classification on campus, in textbooks, and in classes through the creation of garbage classification songs, ballads, comics, and micro videos, as well as strengthening interaction between students and parents, which the government believes is the best way to universalize this concept, ”educating a child to influence his family, then the community, and finally the next generation".
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, global sales in August were 117015 units.
Due to the impact of insufficient launch of new models and reduction of price, sales in China dropped by 21%.
Mazda sold 17729 vehicles in China in August.
Sales of the CX-4, the most popular SUV in China, decreased by 14%.
It has been a long time since the "CX-4" launch in 2016, and the influence of new cars has declined.
The decrease of price reductions due to a long-term strategy to increase brand value has also been reported to have a significant impact on sales.
In August, the fact that sellers had one more business day than the previous year, together with the "promotional activities such as improving publicity" (Mazda), made the sales of SUVs such as "CX-5" increase.
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6% to 14422 units.
Sales of small cars such as "Demio" decreased.
Jacques Chirac passed away, left a long-lasting political legacy
On the 26th local time, former French President Jacques Chirac died at the age of 86.
At a time when the world was undergoing great changes, much of the political legacy left by this French politician when he was in power are still worthy of our praise.
He inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Gaullism, firmly supported European integration, and is a representative figure in the pursuit of the "European Dream".
One of Chirac's most widely known decisions is his staunch opposition to the US-led Iraq invasion.
He is one of the advocates of and creators of the "Golden decade" of Sino-French relations; after being elected president of France for the first time in 1995, he used his position as a politician and his strategic vision to promote the rapid development of Sino-French relations.
Chirac's ardent and life-long love for Chinese culture was particularly impressive.
A Chinese diplomat who knew him well said that Chirac could recite some poems written by Li Bai and Du Fu, and could even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
Chirac has a well-known quote: "One hasn't really been to Egypt without visiting the pyramids; one hasn't really been to China without visiting the Terracotta Warriors.”
In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency, Chirac said, "The West has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems which have emerged during China's economic growth, and China's political status in the international arena.
However, I myself have full confidence in China.
The conference was sponsored by China Computer Federation (CCF), and was held by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology; it organized 5 special reports and 188 sub-forum reports, and also ran 33 themed technology and industry sub-forums, which focused on the exchanges and discussions about the basic theories of big data, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology, and other aspects of big data.
Councilors of the Establishment Camp in Hong Kong SAR Legislative Council Countersign against US’ Hong Kong-related Act
After Macron made such comments, Le Pen, the leader of the far right “National Alliance”, tweeted that Macron indulged in empty talk.
Larcher, a member of the right-wing Republican Party and the President of the Senate, also said that the immigration policy should be discussed in a “moderate” but “realistic” manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Vallaud, a senator of the left-wing Socialist Party said that France should accommodate more immigrants and do it better, and criticized Macron for “manipulating” this issue.
As of the 27th, the total amount of A-share listed company buy-backs in 2019 has been over RMB 100 billion, far exceeding buy-backs in previous years and hitting an all-time record, according to statistics from Eastmoney.com, a financial data service provider.
The overall valuation of the A-share market is low this year, and by buying back at a low price, the listed companies can improve their capital usage efficiency, which also reflects their desire to actively manage market value and their abundant cash flow, which can boost investors’ confidence, said Xu Yang, the chairman of Shanghai Maikerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd.
Out of these companies, Yili Shares is ranked first, with a buy-back amount over RMB 5 billion.
The buy-back, on one hand, shows that the listed company is economically strong and financially healthy, and has the capacity to stabilize its share price and give investors confidence, but on the other hand, it also means that the listed company and its controlling shareholders are responsible for the company, the market, and investors, said Zhao Xijun, the deputy dean of the School of Finance, Renmin University of China, in an interview by China News Service.
With the approval of the relevant departments of China, it was painted by Cai Changkui, the former curator of the Tianjin Folklore Museum (Temple of the Queen of Heaven) from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural was drawn on the south and north walls of the main hall of Temple of the Queen of Heaven with a total of 32 meters length and 2.6 meters in height; the mural is divided into upper and lower parts, and it makes use of over 30 stories, such as the birth of the queen of heaven, crossing the sea on a seat, and flying to heaven by growing feathers, as well as 358 characters to reflect life stories of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that it has been rainy in summer and dry in winter in Tianjin in recent years, and that this kind of “wet and dry” weather caused the mural to crack, such that cracked portions cover 60% of the entire mural.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui and four famous Chinese painters were invited to participate.
On September 25th, a grand opening ceremony was held for the Beijing Daxing International Airport.
The Beijing Daxing International Airport terminal is shaped like a “phoenix spreading its wings” and is honored as the first of the “New Seven Wonders of the World”.
Beijing Daxing International Airport, located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province, with a straight-line distance of 46 kilometers from Tiananmen Square, is the largest newly built airport in the world.
The first flight from Beijing Daxing International Airport initiated Beijing’s "two airports" era.
The new airport is positioned as a major international aviation hub, a new driving force for national development, and as an integrated transport hub for Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei to support the construction of the Xiongan New Area; to date, 66 airlines have expressed interest in flying from Beijing Daxing International Airport, including 20 domestic airlines and 46 airlines from Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and foreign countries, for which the flight schedule applications are slowly undergoing approval.
In winter and spring of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, which cover 112 destinations around the world, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
It forms an internationally competitive first-class “two-hub” airport layout alongside Beijing Capital International Airport through coordinated development and moderate competition, which not only reduces the close-to-capacity operating pressure currently felt by Beijing Capital International Airport, but also better meets the urgent need for rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and its surrounding areas, and thus enhances the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation.
To secure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport has fully considered its geographical location, and the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operation environment: its airport runways arranged in an "omnidirectional" layout for the first time in China, it uses the largest air traffic control system in the world, and contains the largest terminal control area in China, which maximizes aviation operational efficiency.
The first flight from Beijing Daxing International Airport symbolizes a phoenix spreading its wings to take off.
MCA tentatively plans to hold a conference in November, plans to lower party’s minimum age to 16
MCA President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang said that the MCA Central Committee was originally scheduled to convene a central representative conference on November 2 and 3 this year, but due to the by-election of the Tanjung Piai Parliament, the date of the conference may be changed.
He said that since the Election Committee will finalize the nomination and polling days for the Tanjung Piai Parliament by-election on October 1, and they will meet the next day, on October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of the central representative conference this year.
He also explained that the purpose of convening the Central Committee yesterday (26th) was to finalize the date of the representative conference and amend the party constitution, however, it happened to coincide with the unfortunate death of Datuk Mohammad Faree, Bersatu Tanjung Piai Parliament member, thus it has been joined with the agenda for this by-election.
Wang Boxiang, Former Party Secretary of Shouguang County in Shandong Province, Xinhuanet
Wang Boxiang was born in February 1943 in Shouguang, Shandong Province, started work in 1967, and successively served as the secretary of the township party committee, secretary of the county committee, and mayor.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was appointed as the Party Secretary of Shouguang County in Shandong Province, and at that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During his five-year tenure in Shouguang, Wang Boxiang, who had a desire to serve the people, concentrated on doing three things: first, promoting vegetable industrialization; second, developing the salt marsh in the north of Shouguang; and third, laying the foundation for industry to succeed so that the people of Shouguang could fill their pockets and live with dignity.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables, and also have learned lessons from the practice.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had abundant harvests of vegetables, but the vegetables could not be sold and rotted in the field.
Shouguang took the lead in establishing a vegetable wholesale market, which was the start of its market economy development.
Party members and leaders should take the lead, because if they fail, the whole county bears the losses.
In 1989, 17 Party members, including Wang Leyi in Sanyuanzhu village, set up 17 winter-warm vegetable greenhouses with the support of Wang Boxiang, and 17 “double 10000-yuan households” emerged in the village that year.
Then the county set up a promotion group, and mobilized by Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi carried out traveled to various villages and towns to offer guidance; in the first year, more than 5000 vegetable greenhouses were constructed, and then, like a prairie fire, the greenhouses spread to the whole county and even the whole country.
Life was very hard for the local people.
Wang Boxiang organized tens of thousands of people to hold a general meeting and then camp at the salt marsh for 40-50 days.
Wang Boxiang and other county leaders lived and ate on the construction site, pushed carts and carried loads alongside the ordinary workers, and went through the rigors of living in the wilderness; the common people gave them a thumbs up sign when they saw them, and admired them from the bottom of their hearts, while at the same time, 150,000 mu of shrimp ponds, 200,000 mu of salt fields, and 600,000 mu of cotton fields were developed in the north of Shouguang, creating a “cornucopia” in the salt marsh.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as a secretary of the County Committee.
During the conference, a “comparison table of industrial economic figures in 12 counties and cities in Weifang” was issued, and at first glance, the total industrial output value of Shouguang was not bad, ranking fourth.
However, if the raw salt was not counted, the pure industrial output value of Shouguang was only 119 million yuan, ranking third from the bottom.
Shouguang lacked enterprises, and even lacked entrepreneurs.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to serve as vice mayor of Weifang.
What he left behind was more than 200,000 vegetable greenhouses, 120,000 mu of cotton fields, salt fields, and shrimp ponds, 4854 enterprises, more than 100,000 “10,000-yuan households”, and cadre teams approved of by the common people. Shouguang people still affectionately call him “our Secretary Boxiang”.
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi hosted the China and Security Council African Member States Conference of Foreign Ministers at United Nations Headquarters in New York on September 26 local time.
African current Security Council Member States Cote d'ivoire’s Foreign Minister Tarnow, Equatorial Guinea’s Foreign Minister Oyono, and South Africa’s Foreign Minister Pandor, as well as candidate Member States Niger’s Foreign Minister Kara and Tunisia’s Foreign Minister Jessnawi attended the meeting.
Wang Yi made four suggestions on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, obtaining strength through unity.
We should jointly make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in mediation, conciliation, etc.
China is willing to closely link the joint construction of the Belt and Road Initiative with the 2063 Agenda of the African Union, the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, and the development strategies of African countries to help African countries to enhance their development capabilities and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
The Ebola epidemic outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has restarted, and China has and will continue to fully support and provide human and material help with our power; China is also willing to coordinate its actions with African nations to mobilize the institutions such as the United Nations and the World Health Organization to expand assistance and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Breathtaking!
“She was sprawled in the passenger seat, with amniotic fluid and blood under her body, and next to her there was a baby boy with the umbilical cord connected. ”
Liu Yanyan rushed to treat the umbilical cord while Zhang Huan got into the cab and covered the baby with layers of sterile towels and swaddle from the maternity package, and then cleared the baby’s respiratory tract (as shown in the photo), and then, after this careful treatment, the baby was taken to the Neonatology Department on the 12th floor.
The baby was black in the face and asphyxiated at times, so the doctor used tracheal intubation immediately, and in less than a minute, the baby’s heartbeat was restored, his skin turned ruddy, and the resuscitation was successful.
After admission, the 32-week-old baby was treated with an invasive ventilator, and the continued rescue effort finally allowed the baby’s breath to be steady and smooth, after which the ventilator was removed the next day.
Sun Guoqiang, the director of the Obstetrics Department, said, “In recent years, our hospital has received many babies delivered in subways and private cars, but without proper care, both the baby and the mother will be in mortal danger.”
If the baby is being delivered at home or on the road, the mother should lie on the back and put a blanket under the buttocks to prevent the head of the baby hitting the floor, and the newborn baby should be kept warm and brought to the nearest hospital.
Yuexin Aviation Technology Company officially opens for business
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines said that the company's associate partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the world's largest and highest level aircraft maintenance group company.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of the ST Engineering Aerospace Company, said that the sharing of the rich experience between Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering will help the associate to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to the safety of airlines.
The emergence of VSTEA will help Vietnam Airlines to join the promising aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market in a deeper and broader direction.
Research shows: The anufacturing industry has become the focus of concern in major global countries - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27 Recently, the White Paper on the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index was released by Operation Public Service Platform of National Intellectual Property Rights in Hefei, Anhui.
That is what this reporters learned at the “2019 World Manufacturing Conference Intellectual Property Rights Operation and Protection Forum” held in Hefei.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision and Administration Bureau released the report Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation Development of Patent Navigation in Anhui Province, and based on the results of the patent navigation area high quality innovation development index, high quality innovation from Anhui province in the 2018 patent navigation area development index ranked eighth among the 31 provinces in the country, and fourth in the country in terms of the clustering index of innovation factors.
The Main Round of the 2019 China Tennis Open Opens Today, Multiple Olympic Champions Attend the Opening Ceremony
Multiple Olympic champions will participate in the opening ceremony, and the audience and the junior choir will sing :My Motherland and Me” together
The main round of the 2019 China Tennis Open will formally open today at the National Tennis Court, and before the first match in the night session, the organizing committee will hold a simple but solemn opening ceremony, at which multiple Olympic champions and celebrities in sports circles will gather at the Diamond Court, and the distinguished guests and audience participating in the opening ceremony will sing the song “My Motherland and Me” together with the junior choir.
During the first round of the WTA that will take place at the central court after the opening ceremony, the Chinese female tennis player Peng Shuai will go up against the Russian player Daria Kasatkina, and during the second match to follow, the rising American star Sofia Kenin will challenge Garbine Muguruza, champion of the Women’s Singles at the 2015 China Tennis Open, thereby unveiling the 2019 China Tennis Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British "Metro News", Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozzi were engaged.
It is reported that Mozzi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire, mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the oldest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and oldest daughter of Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York; she ranks fifth in the order of succession to the British throne and is hailed as "the world's most beautiful unmarried princess."
The Duchess of York posted an engagement photo of her daughter on the social network on the 26th and said, "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozzi are engaged. "
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
We are so excited that we can embark on the journey of life together, we can't wait to get married.
Up To Three Points Per Free Throw?
The NBA star Shaquille O’Neal has a low free throw percentage.
Wuhan offers subsidies of up to 20 million yuan to promote the smart transformation of industrial enterprises
As this reporter learned from the “Appreciate New China and Welcome CISM Military World Games” press conference, held by the Information Office of the Wuhan Municipal Government on the 27th, since the beginning of this year, Wuhan has accelerated smart transformation of industries, and will grant a transformation subsidy of up to 20 million yuan.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of the Wuhan Economy and Information Technology Bureau, said that starting from this year, Wuhan will launch an action plan for the smart transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free consultation and diagnosis services and solutions for industrial enterprises above a certain size in need to comprehensively promote a new round of technological transformation to create advanced enterprises.
Zhang Hong said that at present, 373 smart transformation projects are being arranged and implemented, with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan, and that pioneering smart workshops and smart factories are initiating such projects, such as Hongxin Communication's first 5G smart production line in central China, Motorola's leading smart mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens unmanned transformer factory, CASIC's first batch satellite production line, Hvsen’s world-leading smart production line for new veterinary drugs, and Oubon’s IoT smart production line.
It was Trudeau himself who dug the pit he fell into this time.
Trudeau lifted a rock only to drop it on his own toes.
As pointed out by political commentator Riley, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" in the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been accused the opposition or dissidents of their own party of such violations, repeatedly declaring that "whoever makes a mistake like this should be fired immediately".
To put it simply, it was Trudeau himself who dug the "big hole" into which he fell.
Despite his lack of experience in political elections, he achieved an unexpected outcome in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative election after taking over the Federal Liberal Party, and the Federal Liberal Party won the valuable right to form a separate cabinet with more than half of the seats in the Federal House of Commons.
At that time, Trudeau espoused many enlightened political slogans, such as "ethnic and gender equality", "ecological environmental protection", "economic revitalization", and “anti-corruption”.
Despite the "blackface" incident, he only paid lip service to "ethnicity and gender equality", causing indigenous groups and leaders to move protest tents to the gates of Capital Hill on the 150th anniversary of Canada.
According to Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll, the number of respondents who supported Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to just over 30% since 2015, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
The establishment of Beijing Daxing International Airport has a far-reaching and positive effect on enterprise competition, consumer experience, regional aviation integration, and the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei area.
The opening of Daxing Airport is beneficial to Capital Airport from a business development perspective.
For users, the opening of Daxing International Airport gives them another option beyond Capital Airport, and also perfectly resolves problems caused by the excessive concentration of routes, such as long transit guarantee time and slow boarding speed of passengers, which may indirectly increase the stay time of aircraft and passengers at the airport and make airport operation less efficient, thus, by alleviating burdens of the Capital Airport, the new airport also improves the travel experience for passengers.
Based on media reports, we have calculated the time and cost of various transportation routes to this airport: 1) 50 minutes’ drive by taking the Jingkai Expressway directly to Daxing Airport Expressway from the South Fifth Ring Road, which will cost 40 yuan in total, with the highway tolls being 15 yuan; 2) take Daxing Airport Subway, for which the distance varies from 20 km and 30 km, and for which the ticket price is 10, 25, or 35 yuan; 3) take the Jingxiong Intercity Train, which takes only more than 20 minutes from Beijing West Railway Station to Daxing Airport Station.
From the perspective of overall development trends, Daxing Airport is positioned as a Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transportation hub, meaning it is positioned a little far away from Beijing, but it strengthens Beijing’s connection to Hebei and Tianjin, makes it easier for more people to travel, and is of great significance to the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
Just like passengers in Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan, and other cities near Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport through the Guangzhou-Foshan and Guangzhou-Shenzhen expressways, residents of Langfang and Xiongan New Area will also benefit from Daxing Airport and have access to convenient and efficient aviation services.
Therefore, the opening of Daxing International Airport is not only about extra runways and aircraft, it has far-reaching and proactive impacts on enterprise competition, consumer experience, regional aviation integration, and the integrated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei; it is not only related to the long-term layout and development of Beijing's logistics industry, but provides more travel options for the vast number of residents in Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei, promotes the service quality of Beijing logistics industry, and also promotes the development process of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integration and the economic and trade development of the areas around Daxing Airport.
On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index rose 1.46%—Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (Reporter Zhao Ruixi) On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index opened higher and went higher, and finally closed at 6077.23 points, an increase of 87.55 points or 1.46% from the previous trading day.
Of the stocks traded on the small and medium board on the day, 668 stocks closed up, and 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative closed at the daily limit; 222 stocks closed down, and 4 stocks such as Sunway Co. fell; 40 stocks, such as Weixing, closed flat.
2019 Vietnam Forum on Economic and Social Issues held in Thua Thien-Hue Province
Ruan Dejian, Deputy Director of the Economic Committee of the Vietnamese Congress, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam’s economy and society presented many new improvements and continued to maintain a trend of growth.
According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), despite the fact that global economy is full of uncertainties, and 70% of the world ’s economies are in a state of stagnation, Vietnam’s economy has still achieved many gratifying developments, the macro economy in Vietnam has been operating smoothly, and inflation has been effectively controlled in the first half of 2019, while the consumer price index increased by an average of 2.64%, which is the lowest increase in the past three years.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China.
Tea Seyha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap and China’s provinces and cities are noticeable, in that Siem Reap has established friendship-city relations with 28 provinces and cities in China so far, and collaboration projects including large-scale cultural tourism complexes, namely "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty", the Siem Reap-Guangxi agricultural demonstration park, the Siem Reap new international airport project, special training courses for Siem Reap provincial government officials, scholarships for Siem Reap students studying in China, free rural clinics, construction and improvements of urban roads, as well as a public welfare project for cataract treatment called "Guang Ming Xing", have proved fruitful, and in which the people of Siem Reap have become the direct beneficiaries.
Khim Bun Song, the secretary of the Ministry of National Defense (Cambodia), the president of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, the governors of five provinces, representatives of the Siem Reap Branch of the Council of Sino-Cambodia, volunteer teachers, representatives of the Chinese Siem Reap Branch of Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, representatives of Chinese enterprises, and diplomatic representatives of foreign nations in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witnessing the decade of digital China in Cloud Town—Xinhuanet
In the CHNT New Energy Photovoltaic Cell Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang, recently, a new “colleague” loaded with Alibaba's artificial intelligence was placed beside the quality inspector.
It works 24 hours a day, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual checks, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95%.
Alibaba Cloud founder Wang Jian said that data-centric cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for the digital economy where data is a key element.
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has continued to expand.
According to the White Paper on Cloud Computing Development (2019) released by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology in July this year, the total market size of China's cloud computing in 2018 reached 96.28 billion yuan, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithms, the city brain can realize new city management service functions such as “stop and pay”, “real-time perception of visits”, and “tourist route design” through powerful computing capabilities.
In the field of government service, “One Cloud” is used to connect with “One Affair”, and “Office on Mobile” and “Service on Mobile” are jointly promoted, cloud computing has brought convenience to both ends of the government services.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, and collected 19.08 billion pieces of data in 3066 categories.
Be Cautious about Making Tea with Plastic Tea Bags!
According to the report, the researchers of McGill University found that after soaking in a cup of hot water that is almost boiling (95 Celsius degrees), it will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanometer-size plastic particles in the cup.
In this study, which was published in the Environmental Science and Technology Journal, the researchers tested four different types of commercial plastic tea bags collected at stores and cafes in Montreal, opened the tea bags, cleaned them, soaked them in water that was almost boiling for 5 minutes, and then analyzed the particles with an electron microscope and spectrograph.
According to the report, most tea bags are made of natural fibers, but many tea bag brands which use natural fibers still seal the bags with plastics.
The disasters in Barbuda, Dominica, and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes, serve to illustrate this point.
Sitharaman made the above statement after meeting with representatives of private banks, non-bank financial institutions, and housing banks in India.
Sitharaman did not indicate the relevance of these remarks.
In the Notice on Strictly Forbidding Making up Lessons in Violation of Regulations During the National Day Holiday, the Education Department of Jiangxi Province stressed that during the National Day, local primary and middle schools must resolutely adhere to the following: it is not allowed to organize students to make up or take new classes collectively; it is not allowed to hold subject training courses, specialty classes, Olympiad classes, interest classes, advanced classes, and other classes; it is not allowed to rent the campus and school buildings to other educational institutions to hold various kinds of training courses.
In the meantime, in-service primary and middle school teachers are strictly forbidden from organizing, recommending, and inducing students to take part in making up classes against rules inside and outside the school; in-service primary and middle school teachers are strictly forbidden from taking part in making up classes against rules organized by after-school training institutions or other teachers, parents, parent committee, etc.; in-service primary and middle school teachers are strictly forbidden from introducing students or providing relevant information for after-school training institutions or others.
It is clearly stated in the notice that for verified violations of making up classes in primary and middle schools, the local education administrative department will be deducted marks heavily in the high-quality development education assessment of the county government in that year; for teachers taking part in makeup lessons against rules, they will be punished seriously according to the relevant regulations on the ethics of teachers.
Support pig production and ensure market supply
Sui Zhongcheng required that measures be implemented from six aspects.
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that the implementation of various measures for pig production be carried out in six aspects.
The modern epidemic prevention system shall be finalized, and all localities should be equipped with epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel in line with the scale of breeding and work tasks to build the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Sui Zhongcheng required that all efforts be made to ensure meat market supply, to ensure that large-scale shortages and large-scale supply cuts do not occur, and to ensure a stable supply of pork on major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements to continue to do a good job in preventing and controlling the African swine fever epidemic, banning and withdrawing fishing in important waters of the Yangtze River in our province, and acquiring mid-to-late period rice in the province.
Highlighting the Feelings for the Motherland and National Soul - White Rabbit and Other Time-honored Brands Give Party Class to University Students
On the eve of the 70th anniversary of the People’s Republic of China, Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, White Rabbit, and Xian De Lai, four famous time-honored brands in Shanghai, gathered at the “Artistic Party Class” at the East China University of Science and Technology on September 27, and four representatives with an average age above 90 from these four brands reviewed their feelings for the motherland and the spirit of the nation to more than 200 young university students.
Shao Wansheng has also cast its eyes on young consumer groups.
Wang Weijie, Party Branch Secretary and Vice General Manager of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd., described these scenes, “Eating the abalone in the vitality of spring, eating pickled fish in the bitter heat of summer, eating drunken shrimp as the autumn wind rises, and tasting drunken crab under winter clouds that fill the sky”, reflecting how people have never stopped innovating around the aspects of “eating”.
A representative of a time-honored brand speaking about the path of innovation at the “Artistic Party Class”.
In the future, Shanghai Soap will pursue a high-end development strategy, systematically develop energy-saving and environment-friendly products with a broad appeal and which satisfy users, and continue to create products with a high technological content and high economic benefit.
said Song Tianyuan with emotion.
The representatives of time-honored brands in Shanghai speak on the feelings of time-honored brands feelings for the motherland and the spirit of the nation to more than 200 young students.
The Party Class worked with the “Shanghai Image” project sponsored by Dean Ding Wei of the Art School of the East China University of Science and Technology and the “Time-honored Brand Integration and Innovation Studio” of Professor Ni Jun, for the purposes of exploring cultural potential and the modern commercial values of these time-honored brands, leveraging the competitive strengths and influences of local time-honored brands, and strengthening their cultural spread and cohesive force to realize an industrial effect of “1+1>2” in the form of “design + culture” and presenting local culture from a new perspective.
In the future, the Artistic Party Class will further invite cultural and historical masters, painting masters, porcelain art masters, intangible cultural heritage masters, architectural masters and landscaping masters to serve as lecturers, who will share their innovation and perseverance in Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of our time, further consolidate the ideals and beliefs of university students, and reinforce their patriotic feelings; in addition, the Artistic Party Class will make works talk, make works resound and further innovate the forms of the Party Class to make sure students enjoy the Party Class, and make the Party Class more ideological, theoretical, affinitive, differential, and emotional, and to cultivate a new generation that can bear the great mission of national revitalization in the new epoch.
Shinzo Abe Posted a Video to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of New China and Presented a Congratulation Speech in Chinese
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, I’m Shinzo Abe.
Where can we find young workers?
Zou Kui sighed, who has worked as an engineering contractor in construction industry for many years, because recently, quite a few over-age migrant workers (over the retirement age) are working on construction sites.
Recently, the university where this writer is located has been carrying out rain and pollution diversion project, which means many migrant workers work inside the campus, and if we pay attention, we notice that many of them are over-age migrant workers.
To support their children and save more money for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "working until they can't anymore".
Younger migrant workers, like those born in the 1980’s, 1990’s, and 2000’s, are unwilling to engage in secondary industries or low-end service industries that are difficult and require heavy labor, resulting in a structural "labor shortage", which in turn means these unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Their living conditions can be enhanced through guaranteeing their right to get paid, improving labor protection, reducing safety risks, and increasing labor income, because despite the fact that they "can save themselves", it is also important to have institutional protection and humanistic care from the public sector.
The S-500 system was developed by the “Almaz-Antey” air-space defense Konzern.
Sergei Chermezov paid special attention to the S-400.
The S-400 air defense system was put into service for the Arctic air defense group.
According to the news on September 15, the modification of the S-400 air defense missile system by the Arctic air defense group in Novaya Zemlya has been completed.
The officers and soldiers of the air defense group were trained for the new system and ready for combat duty.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters, and unmanned aerial vehicle missiles to break through this defense.
Epinduo has online stores on China’s largest trading platforms such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ, and multifunctional instant messaging software Wechat, and has its own online platform Epinduo.com, as well as Russian goods retail chain stores.
The store plans to open at the end of this year, and to place products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers on its shelves.
To be honest, my expectations are higher, and the sales volume of 5 million rubles is not enough.
Kozevnikov said that competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying.
According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, President of the Russian Export Center, said during Eastern Economic Forum that product information from more than 170 Russian enterprises has been published on the largest international wholesale online platform Alibaba.com, and the products can be purchased both in China or in other countries.
After the coroner's court decided on Friday that the cause of the death of the lifeguard Mohamed Addi was non-accidental, the police waited for the full report and instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office before taking the next step.
Datuk Huriez, of the National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau, issued a statement on Friday that the police will await further instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office based on the ruling of the coroner’s court.
He responded to the inquiry on the matter after attending the handover ceremony of the Deputy Chief Sergeant of Selangor at the Selangor Police Headquarters on Friday morning.
For several days, these 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang’an Street have attracted local residents and tourists, who come to view them and take photos.
These flower beds feature themes which begin with “Magnificent 70 Years” in the northwestern corner at Jianguomen and conclude with “A Beautiful Tomorrow” in the northeastern corner at Fuxingmen, which show the glorious achievements in various areas over 70 years since the founding of the People’s Republic of China, and which reflect the happy lives of the Chinese people.
Three varieties of chrysanthemums, “Cold Dew Glow”, “Autumn Candy”, and “Autumn Splendor”, have been used for the first time.
At the same time, there are also 200 themed flower beds, 20 million pots of flowers, 10,000 decoration flowers, 5,000 groups of combined containers, and 15,000 hanging flower boxes on the ring roads, the Chang’an Street extended axis, at Xiangshan Memorial Park, and at areas surrounding the new airport and important tourist attractions, which have comprehensively upgraded the green landscape of the capital city.
China Releases Documents on China and United Nations, Climate Change, Sustainable Development - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, Sept. 26 (Reporters Xu Xiaolei and Wang Wen) The Chinese mission attending the 74th session of the United Nations (UN) General Assembly released four documents titled China and the United Nations: Position Paper of the People's Republic of China for the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly, UN Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action, China's Progress Report on Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019), and Big Earth Data in Support of the Sustainable Development Goals.
It points out that the building of a community with a shared future for mankind proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has become a banner for the characteristic diplomacy of big powers.
The 20th Anniversary Celebration Events of Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association - The grand opening of the Mann Lao and Nono Leong artworks exhibition will be at 6 pm on September 29, 2019 at the Exhibition Gallery in the Huaiyuan Building of Macau Polytechnic Institute.
Visitors and suggestions from all walks of life are welcome.
Well-known designers Mann Lao and Nono Leong both graduated from the Department of Comprehensive Design of Macao Polytechnic Institute, and subsequently co-founded a design company in 2013, and after five years of effort, the company has made outstanding achievements and won more than 200 awards internationally; its design business is spread all over the world, spanning over 25 cities in more than 10 countries, which has successfully promoted the team design internationally and has made the company renowned in the world.
This time, they were invited by the Macau Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association to exhibit their ingenious design works and share their experience of their entrepreneurial journey.
For any inquiries, you can contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 85993119.
Collectives and individuals in Laos awarded Vietnam National Medal and Badge
According to the decision issued by the Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong on September 21 to award the Medal of Independence, Vietnam granted the Medal of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao Congress, various departments of the Congress, the Secretariat of the Congress, and other institutions, to express appreciation for their positive contributions to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the congresses and the departments of the congresses of the two countries.
Vietnam's President Nguyen Phu Trong also issued a decision on the awarding of the Medal of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship.
According to the decision, Vietnam has decided to award 21 Medals of Friendship and 17 Badges of Friendship to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao Congress, various departments of the Congress and the Secretariat of the Congress, in recognition of their efforts to strengthen and consolidate the special solidarity relationship between the congresses and the departments of the congresses of the two countries.
In her speech at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two nations was formed over the course of a long history; the traditional good and selfless friendship between the peoples of Vietnam and Laos was carefully cultivated by President Ho Chi Minh and Chairman Kaysone Phomvihane, the leaders of the two parties, as well as the people of the two countries, which was an invaluable asset.
The collectives and individuals of the Lao Congress that have won the Medal of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship have expressed their gratitude to Vietnam for awarding them honors, and affirmed that this was not only their honor but also that of the Lao Congress.
It is reported that the lung disease outbreak is related to contaminated vaping atomizers purchased from the black market.
"Internet + Smart Stop Signs" tells you.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Transportation and Gaode Map announced that the first batch of "Internet + Smart Stop Signs" in China officially landed in Nanjing, which will light up 54 electronic bus screens in the city, which will comprehensively upgrade the level of Nanjing's informatization service, improve the efficiency of bus services and the happiness of people.
It is difficult to know the bus running time, bus condition and vehicle location along the way, and the problem of bus travel is urgent to be solved, especially in some big cities, the commuting distance is long and the traffic conditions are complicated in the morning and evening rush hours, which makes it difficult to guarantee the punctuality of buses.
It is reported that the nation’s first batch of “Internet + Smart Stop Signs” landed in Nanjing, incorporating high-tech big data and ETA algorithm of the estimated travel time of vehicles, to realize "Smart Stop Signs + Electronic Map" double-ended release of bus routes, estimated bus arrival time and other capabilities.
Through the "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the estimated arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus, and its distance from the current stop, but also intuitively use the three colors of red, orange and green to grasp the bus traffic conditions along the route, so that the real-time conditions of all bus lines passing through the station can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the technology of "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", Nanjing citizens now enjoy convenient and efficient ways of bus travel, such as "checking the bus location before going out, knowing the arrival time when waiting for the bus, and knowing the arrival time when taking the bus".
Based on the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", people can choose the most suitable travel route, and at the same time, they can be prepared psychologically and reduce the anxiety of waiting for the bus, thereby making travel more convenient and leisurely.
More than 30 cultural relics of the Summer Palace unveiled for the first time—Xinhuanet
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Auspicious Jade and Bronze Wares, Blessing Scripts and Jade Plates, Delicate Cultural Relics, and Splendid and Magnificent Wares; Cultural relics of various categories such as jade bronze; ancient books, paintings and calligraphy; miscellaneous items; porcelain and enamel were exhibited to the audience respectively in the four areas, so the object shapes and patterns on display all reflect the theme of "Fushou (Blessing and Longevity)".
According to Kui Lijia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Management Office, the number of high-level cultural relics is large, the categories are abundant, and the age span of the exhibits is long.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics on display are national first-class and second-class cultural relics, the age of cultural relics span from the Shang Dynasty to Guangxu Period of the Qing Dynasty.
The bronze Gui (a bowl) of Shang dynasty on display is more than 3,000 years old, and it is the "oldest" bronze artifact on display, the Sapphire Cow is huge in size and weighs nearly 80 ji, and it is carved from a single piece of jade and is preserved in good condition, which is very rare; Cultural relics such as Wooden Clock Base with Stone Figures and Pavilion, "Nanzhai Collection of Paintings" "Nanzhai Collection of Calligraphy" are also the first time for the public display.
According to Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, the cultural exhibition upholds the spirit of "liveness" of cultural relics, relies on the "Fushan Shouhai (Blessing Mountains and Longevity Water)" gardening idea of the Summer Palace, and uses the "Fushou (Blessing and longevity)" theme cultural relics as a carrier to allow tourists to learn about the profound blessing culture of the Summer Palace, to carry forward and inherit the traditional Chinese culture, and to convey the beautiful wishes of blessing and longevity.
The white paper, China and the World in the New Era, released on September 27th, states: Over the past 70 years, China has achieved great success, and the ultimate reason is that China has found and will continue on the right path – socialism with Chinese characteristics.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow its own development path.
The Chinese know oranges change with their environment, and understand that what is suitable for others may not be suitable for themselves, but only what is suitable for themselves is the best.
In the twists and turns of mankind’s time on earth, the "theory of the end of history" was popular in the world for a time.
Today, the success of the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics declares the end of the "theory of the end of history", the collapse of the "theory of the collapse of China " and the failure of the "theory of the failure of socialism".
A third post said he “more preferred overseas people (sic)”.
Guangzhou Railway Prepares for Tourist Flow during the Golden National Day Holiday and Launches 175 More Trains Per Day - chinanews.com
Chinanews.com report on September 27 (Guo Jun and Xu Jing) - This journalist learned on September 27 from China Railway Guangzhou Group Co., Ltd. (Guangzhou Railway) that to satisfy the travel demand of tourists during the National Day holiday golden week, Guangzhou Railway will launch more trains bound for hotspot destinations and launch a total of 175 passenger trains daily on average during the holiday to increase transport capacity during the holiday tourist peak.
Guangzhou South Station has optimized the safety check passages on three floors and added 12 more channels, and after the upgrade, the three-story waiting hall has a total of 44 safety check passages; in addition, the station has deployed 19 real-name self-service authentication devices, now totaling 71, to assure smooth incoming passenger flow.
Shenzhen North Station to Open “High-speed Railway-Subway” Check-free Speed Channel.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented the Dato-class Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua, also a member of the parliament of Jelutong, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, that is, he would no longer be the defendant's representative lawyer, and this was approved in court.
Marching Together with the Motherland - A Sketch of a Certain Parade Unit of the People's Armed Police Force
On a training field for the military parade in this golden autumn, an armed police force formation composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83m was busy rehearsing.
This journalist recently visited the unit, and deeply felt the armed police officers’ and soldiers’ determination to be loyal guardians of the Party and people forever, as well as their sentiment and their pursuit of “honor first”.
Qi Xiaoguang, at 1.92m tall, was particularly eye-catching in the formation.
As the flag bearer, Qi Xiaoguang always followed high standards and rigorous requirements of training.
He practiced his posture by binding sand bags on his legs, practiced the pace by setting a chronometer, practiced the step length by covering his eyes, and practiced stability in strong winds.
At the moment when the national flag rose, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the honor represented by the five-starred Red Flag on his shoulders.
The motion standards for the pacesetter and the flag bearer are different.
Almost every officer and soldier in the formation feels the same as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of soldier Zhu Xudong participated in the military parade in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the founding of the New China 20 years ago.
He said, “It is the greatest honor of my life to march across Tian’anmen Square, and accept the inspection of the Party and people as my father did, so I am willing to bear any hardship. ”
Political Commissar Wang Qian from the unit said that all members come from the People's Armed Police Beijing Corps - a group that takes pride in its glorious traditions, and that has taken on many significant tasks, including the founding ceremony of the New China, past National Day celebrations, security at Party National Congresses, anti-terrorist fighting, and stability maintenance in the capital, it has produced many personal and collective heroes, and more than 50 units and individuals have received honorary titles conferred by the State Council, the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of China, and the People’s Armed Police Force.
Foreign Expert Reception to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China was held, Han Zheng attended and addressed the Reception.
A foreign expert reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held in the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th, and Han Zheng, Member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and addressed the reception.
First of all, on behalf of the Chinese government and President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng expressed sincere thanks and greetings to all the foreign experts and international friends who care about, support, and participate in China’s reform and opening-up and modernization construction.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of the People’s Republic of China, especially more than 40 years of reform and opening-up, the Chinese Communist Party has united and led the people of all ethnic groups in China to overcome all obstacles and work with stamina and diligence, thus successfully finding the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and ushering in the great leap from standing up, becoming rich, to becoming strong.
Since the 18th National Congress of Chinese Communist Party, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China taking Comrade Xi Jinping as the core has overall promoted the overall layout of “Five-sphere Integrated Plan”, harmoniously promoted the strategic layout of “Four-Pronged Comprehensive Strategy” and promoted historic achievements and changes in the cause of the Party and the country, thus Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
Han Zheng pointed out that the development of China has stood at a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people secure a decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all aspects, strive for the great success of socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era and work tirelessly to realize the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.
People are the most innovative factor, so China will accelerate cultivation of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, scientific and technological leading talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standard.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was hosted by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
The main shaft of the deepest shaft in China's railways is driven to the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27th (Reporter Ding Yiquan) According to the China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., China ’s longest tunnel—the main shaft of No. 1 shaft in Gaoligong Tunnel of the Da (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was successfully dug on the 27th to the end, and the well depth of 762.59 meters broke the deepest record of domestic railway shafts.
Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft working area in the DaRui project department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, said, "The successful tunneling of the main shaft of Gaoligong Tunnel No. 1 to the end will help to promote the construction of the vehicle yard at the bottom of the construction well, open multiple working faces for later construction and the horizontal guide, and will speed up the construction progress of the whole Gaoligong Tunnel. "
Song Tao explained that the drilling method for the construction of the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligong Tunnel used a large-scale drilling derrick, a drilling stable car, a drilling winch, an integral mobile metal formwork, an FJD-6A umbrella drill, and a central rotary rock grab, so specialized machinery has formed a "four-in-one" mechanized assembly line such as a mechanized excavation system, lifting system, suspension system, and winch hoisting system, realizing the mechanization of the entire process of drilling, blasting, excavation, formwork installation, and concrete pouring operation, which greatly accelerated the construction schedule.
It is learned that the DaRui Railway runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west and has a total length of about 331 kilometers and a design speed of 140 kilometers per hour.
The Gaoligong Tunnel is 34.538 kilometers long and is the longest tunnel of China's railway.
The TV series “Hunting” reproduces the demeanor of front-line police detectives
The criminal investigation TV series “Hunting”, which covers the transnational pursuit of fugitives, was recently filmed at Tianjin Airport, in which actors such as Wang Kai, Wang Ou, and others performed key scenes such as escorting fugitive economic suspects back to China, and the production of which was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The “Hunting” crew filmed the key scene at the airport that best demonstrates the achievements of “Hunting Action” - members of the Hunting team brought fugitives back to China, escorted them off the plane, and signed arrest warrants.
The crew took shots of the tarmac, crossing points, aircraft cabins, and hatch doors, recreating the arduous journey and professional demeanor of China's front-line economic police detectives and hunting heroes who cross over many nations to arrest fugitive criminals.
It is reported that the TV series will also be filmed in many places abroad.
Oliver Wyman, an organization expert, responded to the reporter's interview for Maxine Pewana, "When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Ha Noi and Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam, I found it meaningful.
The United Nations news pictures/Zhang Li
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace and contentment.
After 70 years, China is young, high-spirited and in its prime, and no matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our original intention.
Wang Yi Meets with Malawian Foreign Minister Francis Kasaila
Big data from a number of tourism platforms shows that China's tourism consumption market is booming in terms of both supply and demand.
Ctrip’s report says that the average cost of domestic cross-provincial trips during the National Day holidays is more than RMB 3,000 yuan per person, up from the same period last year, which is because tourists generally choose products with a better user experience, such as higher-rated brand hotels, no-shopping tours, customized small group tours, exclusive vehicles, and exclusive guides.
Data of springtour.com shows that its consumers prefer "leisurely and slow travel" focused on experience, service, and differentiation.
Fliggy’s data indicates the number of tourist bookings in China's fourth-tier cities and below has grown fastest, with a year-on-year growth rate of 30%, reflecting the upgrading of residents' consumption in more regions in China.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "National Day" golden week tourism.
Ctrip’s data reveal that the vehicle rental road trip orders during the National Day holidays are expected to increase by nearly 60% year on year, and as short-distance self-driving travels to explore surrounding niche routes continue to be touted, those ordering private tours will increase by 155% year on year.
According to Ctrip, 28% of tourists during the National Day holidays are parents and children, 25% are couples, and 23% are colleagues and friends.
It is worth noting that even though outbound tourism grew faster in previous golden weeks, this year's inbound tourism market performance is more "eye-catching".
For example, the General Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have jointly released the "2019 National Day Golden Week Quality Routes for Sports Tourism", the ongoing 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival has launched 100 cultural and tourism activities in 7 sectors to attract Chinese and foreign tourists, and as the golden week approaches, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong, and other provinces have reduced the price or exempt tickets to their scenic spots.
Ctrip’s booking data shows that destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural features in China are the most popular, and that Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi 'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic destinations.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China live, allowing the military review and civilian procession to be seen in 4K ultrahigh definition signal on a big screen.
The head of the Central Radio and Television Station stated in Beijing on the 27th that on National Day, the Central Radio and Television Station would set up more than 100 camera stands and set up more than 200 audio pick-ups along Chang An Avenue and at the commanding heights of the celebration area, and would realize full-flow and total-factor 4K ultrahigh definition and 5.1 surround live broadcast for the first time, broadcasting through the language of the lens and in actual sound.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst at Rabobank China, said that China’s demand for other meats, including beef, has increased; China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, China will continue to forge ahead on its socialist path.
The white paper points out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
Upholding equity and justice is China’s basic principle in dealing with international issues.
At Sept. 26, local time, Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) open debate on peace and security in Africa at the UN headquarters in New York.
China has never been absent from helping Africa achieve peace and security.
The world's oldest hairdresser dies at 108, has cut hair for 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, the world's oldest hairdresser in New York, USA, certified by King ’s World Records as 108 years old, has never retired, and diligently cut his guests’ hair every day, however, he died of mandibular cancer complications and bid farewell to his 96-year life of hair cutting.
According to CNN, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States when he was 8 years old; and it didn't take long for him to get a job to help cleaning the floor in a barber’ s shop, and then, when he was 12 years old, he picked up his scissors to serve guests to reduce the financial pressure on his family.
Although Mancinelli entered elementary school, he did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son Robert revealed that his father loved his work and people from all over the world liked him, but although his father had always been healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year, and finally stopped working due to physical factors 6 weeks before his death, but this was not retirement, because he had planned to get back to cutting hair after he recovered.
Listed company repurchase scale hits record high of over 100 billion yuan during the year—Xinhuanet
Data from Oriental Fortune Choice shows that the funds used by listed companies to repurchase shares were 7.9 billion yuan in 2017, and soared to 51 billion yuan in 2018, and since 2019, the total amount of A-share listed companies' repurchase implementation has exceeded 100 billion yuan, setting a new record for the amount of funds for A-share repurchases, and far exceeding previous years.
From the perspective of the purpose of repurchasing, the repurchased shares of companies and the increase in major shareholders seem to be the same, but there are great differences in implementation, capital sources, repurchase purposes, and stock equity.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said in an interview with Securities Daily that the Opinions on Supporting Listed Companies to Repurchase Shares, issued in November 2018, has repaired the problems with the previously existing system, such as the narrow scope of share repurchases, complicated decision-making procedures, and inadequate inventory systems, and stated that because listed companies have been encouraged to repurchase shares through policy, the phenomenon of repurchasing shares increased significantly that year.
In January of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange formally issued the Implementation Rules for Listed Companies Repurchasing Shares, the introduction of which has broadened the sources of repurchase funds of listed companies, appropriately simplified implementation procedures, guided and improved governance arrangements, and encouraged all kinds of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee stock ownership plans.
The buyback enthusiasm of A-share listed companies is heating up, which is normalizing buybacks; data shows that there are nearly a thousand listed companies that have implemented share buybacks this year, and the leading companies in all walks of life have become the main force in the repurchase market.
In the process of its recent disclosure on buyback progress, Ping An stated that the company has already bought back 57.59 million A-shares, accounting for 0.315% of the company's total capital stock by centralized bidding transactions, with RMB 5 billion of total funds paid (excluding transaction costs); the repurchased shares will all be used for the Employee Stock Ownership Plan, including but not limited to the long-term service plan that has been reviewed and approved by the general meeting of shareholders.
Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group has paid RMB 5.792 billion for share repurchases, and recently adjusted the use of repurchased share, which will be changed from the original plan, “all repurchased shares will be used as the stock source for implementation of stock equity incentive in the future” to “it is to repurchase 183 million shares in total, of which 152 million shares can be used as the stock source for implementation of stock equity incentive, and the remaining 30.49 million shares can be used for writing off to reduce registered capital”.
Yang Delong, chief economist of First Seafront Fund, said that on one hand, listed companies buying back shares could reduce the number of shares circulating in the market and increase the earnings per share of the listed companies, which would be an important factor in favor of the stock price in the secondary market; on the other hand, the listed companies were willing to put up money proactively to repurchase the shares from the stock market for writing off, which greatly boosted market confidence.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Changsha Municipal Party Committee, and the four leaders of construction machinery manufacturing in Hunan Province - Zhan Chunxin, Liang Wengen, He Qinghua, and Liu Feixiang, around the theme "Changsha changes from construction machinery to intelligent manufacturing", have established a “small goal” - build the construction machinery industry cluster to a globally leading level within 3-5 years.
To build a globally leading construction machinery industry cluster in Changsha is, in modern terms, to build an "invincible industry".
As an inland provincial capital city, what gives Changsha the courage to declare such ambitions?
The four Hunan construction machinery enterprises participating in the dialogue are powerful companies whose business covers all fields of sky, earth, sea and land; for example, the light aircraft of Sunward Intelligent, the concrete delivery pump of Zoomlion Heavy Industry, the all-terrain crane of Sany Heavy Industry, and the tunnel shield machine of Railway Construction Heavy Industry, provide "hard power" that are preeminent and unparalleled in the world.
Among them, the output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators of companies like Sany Heavy Industry, Zoomlion Heavy Industry, Railway Construction Heavy Industry, Sunward Intelligent, and other leading construction machinery enterprises have been significantly ahead of similar enterprises.
The four leading Hunan construction machinery enterprises are the best in the construction machinery industry cluster in Changsha, and also leaders in the global construction machinery industry.
In the early years, the global construction machinery industry suffered a bitter winter, and many internationally renowned construction machinery manufacturing enterprises collapsed, but the construction machinery manufacturing enterprises in Changsha went for “winter swim” instead of trying to escape the winter; they pressured themselves, achieved original breakthroughs, and have transitioned from manufacturing to smart manufacturing through the transformation of industrial structure, and so have not only survived, but also become more robust.
This is all thanks to the joint effort of governments and enterprises.
This good business environment has attracted a large number of construction machinery manufacturing enterprises.
All parties were supportive of safeguarding multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, and opposing unilateralism and bullying; all agreed to enhance mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in UN and Security Council affairs, and to safeguard the common interests of China, Africa, and other developing countries; furthermore, it was supported by all that African countries should resolve African issues in the African way, and that the UN should provide financial support for independent peace operations in Africa; the concept of “cooperation for development and development for peace” was also supported by all, which will help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development, and all parties at the meeting were firmly committed to safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries, as well as opposing any country creating obstacles for developing countries or depriving them of the right to development.
Qingyang, Gansu Province: Hu sheep provided “experience of eliminating poverty”.
In the Yimin Breeding Specialized Cooperative in Yima Town, after filling up the food trough in the sheepfold with the last shovelful of forage, Xia Weili, a 58 year old villager, stayed by the trough and watched the white Hu sheep chew carefully.
Xia Weili said he feeds the sheep “a special nutritious meal” every day, cleans and disinfects regularly, and served them carefully without neglect.
Xia Weili has raised sheep for over 20 years, but it was not until he came to work in the cooperative that he knew how extensive sheep herding used to be.
Xia Weili is from Xialaochi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
Xia Weili delved into breeding all day long, because he had a belief in his heart.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said that there were things to keep in mind both inside and outside the standardized sheep sheds.
Zou Tao said that in order to carry out epidemic prevention, the sheep sheds need to be regularly disinfected by spraying, and that the sheep should be vaccinated three to four times a quarter.
Besides living well, “little sheep” not only need to eat forage mixed with silage corn, wheat straw, alfalfa, and other plants, but also need a wide enough “playground” to stretch their muscles and bones.
From “grazing all over the mountain” to “feeding accurately”, from “mating locally” to “artificial insemination”, from “observing body shape and touching bellies” to “doing B-mode ultrasound one by one”…in Qingyang, Gansu Province, mutton sheep breeding not only changes feeding patterns, the mode of “leading enterprise + cooperative + farmer” has also changed the former condition of “breeding sheep on the hillside and selling them in the market”, overcome the weakness, small size and scattered nature of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry, meaning the impoverished condition of these farmers is improving because of modern sheep breeding.
Xu Jianfeng, General Counsel of Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd., said that the enterprise has driven more and more poor households to practice “sheep breeding” by providing poor households with services such as loan guarantees, supplying breeding sheep, breeding against order, quotation and purchase, and processing and uniform sales.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved stable income increases by “joining in” forage farming, stock breeding, large-scale breeding, slaughter segmentation, and marketing thanks to Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd.
Qingyang City is located in the northern farming pastoral ecozone, and has rich forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale mutton sheep farms and cooperatives in the city, with over 5 million mutton sheep raised, and two processing lines with the capacity to slaughter 1.3 million sheep have been built, so sheep are becoming the “leader” of industry poverty alleviation in the area.
When introducing France’s 2020 budget, Bruno Le Maire said that the latest monetary easing measures of the European Central Bank have created an opportunity for those member governments with sufficient finances to increase investment.
He has made this appeal to Germany many times.
In order to thoroughly implement General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important instructions and vigorously promote the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council, and the General Office of China’s Central Military Commission has recently issued the Overall Work plan of Planning, Constructing, Repairing, Managing and Maintaining the Martyr Memorial Facilities.
The Work Plan is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities which defines the target tasks for the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities, and also puts forward the planning and construction of martyr memorial facilities, perfects and promotes the hero and martyr spirit red education base system, properly repairs and protects the martyr memorial facilities, builds and exalts the strong social atmosphere of remembering the deeds of heroes and martyrs, properly manages and maintains the martyr memorial facilities, and forms normative and perfect organizational guarantees for the management system.
The Work Plan clearly stipulates the need to strengthen the repair and protection of the martyr memorial facilities, practically strengthen the repair and protection of the martyr memorial facilities according to the principle of overall arrangements and long-term perspective, vigorously perfect the leader system and mechanisms, improve policies, laws, and regulations, organize the implementation of quality-improvement and reconstruction projects, improve facilities and equipment, enhance service capability, optimize exhibition content, innovate in exhibition methods, and improve overall efficiency.
The Work Plan stresses the need to perfect system and organization guarantees, strengthen organization leadership, establish work mechanisms led by Ministry of Veterans Affairs, actively cooperate with relevant units and incite widely participation by society, implement the Law of Heroes and Martyrs, improve the system of laws and regulations, continue to the improve institutionalization, normalization, and professionalization of planning, construction, management, and maintenance of the martyr memorial facilities, strengthen team building, introduce volunteer service, encourage ex-serviceman, families of the martyrs, experts, scholars, and young students to actively participate in the interpretation and order maintenance of the martyr memorial facilities, perfect mechanisms of social participation, adhere to government leadership and varied investment, and actively advocate and encourage that enterprises, social organizations, and individuals provide donations and support for the repair and protection of martyr memorial facilities.
Research: US national healthy eating index increases slightly but challenges remain - http://www.chinanews.com/
Americans still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
Dr. Fangfang Zhang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, and one of the authors of the report, said Americans still eat too much food that could lead to heart disease, diabetes, obesity, and the other most common diseases among Americans.
The research was published on September 24th in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The challenges include getting Americans to limit snacks, hot dogs, beef fat, butter, and other foods that contain saturated fat.
The Guidelines say people should eat more nutrient-dense foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry, eggs, and seeds that provide protein.
Ruan Wenping, member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee, and minister of the Central Ministry of Economic Affairs led a delegation to attend the forum.
The above-mentioned relationship helped bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
China's first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary established: empowering the asset management business with technology
On the 26th, Everbright Financial Co., LTD., a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Everbright Bank, was formally established in Qingdao, and is the first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary established in China.
In April this year, China Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank respectively issued announcements that they had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to establish a financial management subsidiary.
In the next two days, China Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and took the lead in establishing China Everbright Financial Management in Qingdao.
By the year 2021, China will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" for the development of fintech, further enhance the technology application capability of the financial industry, realize the in-depth integration and coordinated development of finance and technology, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked, and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, Chairman of Everbright Financial Management, explained that Everbright’s asset management platform would use technologies such as intelligent investment consulting, intelligent investment research, and big data to help Everbright Financial Management better judge the macroeconomic situation.
Dong Ximiao, a specially-appointed researcher of the National Finance and Development Lab, said that under the new competition and co-operation situation facing the asset management industry, fintech companies and asset management institutions must jointly explore new growth paths with asset management technology.
Fintech empowers the asset management industry, which is not only the need for the transformation and development of Fintech itself, but also injects new vitality into the development of the asset management business.
The new system starts with the four major capabilities of product design, sales transactions, asset management, and risk assessment to improve the overall intelligent operation of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that while enhancing asset management capabilities and allowing rich product innovation, asset management technology can also enhance risk prevention capabilities and improve the efficiency of asset management.
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and Spatio-temporal data can help us better characterize the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry. "
There is a new record for the deepest railway tunnel shaft in China
China News Service, Baoshan, September 27th (Zhang Weiming, Xu Weiguo, Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1200 days and nights, digging and track-laying for the Dali-Ruili Railway’s No. 1 Shaft of Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel was completed on September 27th, at which point the shaft extended 762.59m under the surface, breaking the record for the deepest railway tunnel shaft in China, and this record was set despite the risk of a massive water burst.
The Dali-Ruili Railway’s Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, located in Yunnan province is 34.5 km long in total, runs across the Gaoligong Mountains from the west bank of Nujiang River, and is the longest two-lane single-tube tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel runs through 19 fault zones and has a maximum depth of 1,155m, and due to the fact that it covers nearly all possible unfavorable geological conditions and major risks for tunnel construction, the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is called the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The successful excavation of No. 1 Shaft to the bottom marks the beginning of horizontal tunnel construction for Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel; when the shaft station is excavated and equipment is replaced, there will be 4 additional working planes at the bottom to speed the excavation of the main tunnel.
"The Shaft is entirely inside a granite formation, and there are many fractures in the granite formation, so there is no way to prevent the continuous flow of water from the top to the bottom, which is to say that essentially, the water pressure is the same as the depth of the shaft. "
Chief Engineer Si Jingzhao of the China Railway Tunnel Group Dali-Ruili Railway Project Team told this reporter that during shaft construction, sudden muddy water bursts were a common occurrence, causing the risk of collapse and other dangers, and that the builder invited experts to the site to diagnose and discuss countermeasures more than 20 times.
After several improvements, a mechanized construction line including an excavation system, debris hauling system, suspension system, and winch hoisting system was developed for the construction of No. 1 Shaft to ensure whole-process mechanized operation including drilling, blasting, debris hauling, formwork installation, and concrete pouring, which accelerated the construction progress.
After it opens to traffic, the time to drive from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from the current 6 hours to 2 hours, which will greatly improve the transportation system in west Yunnan and facilitate economic and trade cooperation and friendly personnel exchanges between China and countries in South Asia and Southeast Asia.
Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor: As a Chinese Person, I’m Proud Of China’s Achievements
The “Hong Kong Press Circles Reception for Celebration of the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People’s Republic of China” was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, along with Lu Xinning, deputy director of the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong SAR, Song Ru’an, the deputy commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People’s Republic Of China in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Chen Yading, deputy political commissar of the People’s Liberation Army Hong Kong Garrison, and Jiang Zaizhong, the president of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Circles Celebrating the National Day Preparatory Committee, attended the reception as officiating guests.
Since its return to China, Hong Kong has continued to maintain a close connection with the mainland, and the two have made progress together and shared substantial achievements.
Under the premise of “one country, two systems”, Hong Kong will continue to play to its advantages, seize the opportunities offered by the “Belt and Road” and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and build a better future for Hong Kong.
Especially since the return of Hong Kong to China, the central government has unwaveringly implemented the policies of “one country, two systems”, “Hong Kong people administering Hong Kong”, and a high degree of autonomy, and as such, Hong Kong and the mainland will continue to work together with one heart, and will help and support each other to create win-win miracles of economic development.
The reporter learned from the Publicity Department of the Xining Municipal Committee that Xining will implement the Xining Civilized Behavior Promotion Regulations from October 1st, which focus on 15 types of uncivilized behavior, such as pedestrians who do not follow the traffic lights and throw objects from buildings, so a list of key management will be made and corresponding penalties will be set.
Wang Shengbin, deputy director of the Publicity Department of the Xining Municipal Committee and director of the Municipal Civilization Office, explained that since Xining was awarded the title of National Civilized City in 2017, the civilization and moral standards of Xining citizens have improved significantly.
However, uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians jaywalking, running red lights, and non-motorized vehicles not following traffic lights; throwing objects at height and Windows; smoking in public places, dog walking in public places, and laissez-faire defecation are still very prominent and easy to rebound, which should be resolved as soon as possible.
The Regulations, combining the reality of Xining, put forward more comprehensive and higher standards for the civilized code of conduct for individuals and units from public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, civilized campus construction, promotion of civilized family construction, execution of official duties, commemoration of heroes and martyrs, medical services, etc., so that the whole society can understand what it can do, what it advocates, and what it prohibits.
“Formulating regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of civilized behavior cognition, and comprehensively regulate citizens' behavior, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green living, wedding and funeral services etc., will provide a strong legal guarantee for the normalization of mass spiritual civilization in Xining city. "
said Qiu Huaijun, secretary general of the Standing Committee of the Xining People's Congress.
Beijing Subway Lines 1, 2 and 7 to Extend Operating Hours Tonight - chinanews.com
Beijing News Flash (by journalist Pei Jianfei) - This afternoon (September 27), Beijing Subway announced that it would adjust the extended operation hours of the final trains on Lines 1, 2 and 7 during the period from September 27 to October 7.
Line 1 will extend its operating hours by 61 minutes in the west-to-east direction and by 64 minutes in the east-to-west direction, and the starting time of the final train will be later than 00:30 at every stop on the route; Line 2 will extend its operating hours by 81 minutes along the Inner Ring Road and by 95 minutes along the Outer Ring Road, and the starting time of the final train will be later than 0:20 at every stop on the route; the final train will start from Qianmen Stop at 00:50.
Subway Line 7 will extend the starting time of the final train from 23:15 to 00:15 at Beijing West Station (bound for Juhuachang Station) and from 22:25 to 23:25 at Juhuachang Station (bound for Beijing West Station).
It is reported that on September 16, local time, a British family was visiting a lake in France, and their daughter accidentally knocked over their bag, dropping the car key from the bag into the lake.
Saudi Arabia officially releases tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai, 27th) From now on, Saudi Arabia will officially release tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, for a total visa fee of 440 Saudi Riyals (about 836 RMB).
Tourists must prepare medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
The completion of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation factory was an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries, which would help promote the cooperation between Hung Yen Province, even the country itself, and Belarus.
Do Tiensy, secretary of the Hung Yen Provincial Party Committee, said that Hung Yen Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province, and he hoped that Belarus will take more effective measures in the future to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Hung Yen Province and Vietnam, and also assist in the training of the workers in the province, as well as the transfer of industrial production technology.
He hoped that Hung Yen Province would continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
According to reports, notification commitment refers to the legal requirement for administrative organizations to notify applicants of all conditions and requirements stipulated by laws and regulations in writing and all at once when dealing with relevant licensing registration matters.
After obtaining the Food Production License on the spot by means of the notification commitment the 27th, Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. became the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
According to Shanghai Market Regulation Department, the implement of the notification commitment system for food production licenses was the first such pilot project in China.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
Specifically speaking, from the feedback obtained by the reporter of Securities Daily, over half of the people are choosing to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said “he plans to travel to Shanghai with his family during the ‘National Day’ holiday, first to Disneyland, and then travel to the surrounding cities”; Miss Li from Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan in our country, “My family of three plans to leave on September 28 to take 10-day tour around Taiwan”; Miss Ma from Chongqing plans to travel abroad, with Singapore as the destination; Mr. Zhang from Hebei plans a road trip with his family, and said that, “My daughter is less than 2 years old, so it isn’t convenient to go on a long journey, which is why we plan to drive to Shandong to spend a few days by the seaside ”.
The Report on Residents Travel and Travel Trends in 2019 National Day Golden Week, jointly issued by Tongcheng Yilong and LY recently showed that the consumption upgrading trend of journeys and travel in the three subdivisions including trips, residence, and travel during the National Day Golden Week of this year is evident.
The rate of travelling by air and high-speed rail has increased steadily, and the proportion of the demand for starred hotels and individualized non-standard accommodation has increased.
The staff in a Beijing automobile brand 4S shop told the reporter of Securities Daily that generally speaking, September and October every year are known as the golden period of car sales.
I wrote down a few things I had to do when I left home; my Type A blood personality traits were getting stronger, and I felt awkward as well.
Get a suit, buy nutritional grain, pay my bills, and buy sashimi and snacks for Nana.
I said to sister Aiqiang on the phone just now that without Nana, I wouldn’t even have the excuse to buy snacks.
Laughing perfunctorily, she said her child was calling and hung up.
Nana hopped up to the passenger seat and lay restfully, she knew she gets carsick, and she was terrified, but she didn’t want to be without me.
My husband, Boau, returned unusually early.
He said that the salmon with avocado salad was quite delicious, and then went to the bedroom lying on the bed watching TV.
I looked at the clock on the wall, and it was exactly 7 o'clock; in the land of the sunrise, the sun sets early, and it was dark already.
I washed a bunch of grapes from a friend and left half of them for Boau, put the rest in my favorite flower bowl, and took them outside to admire the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate the grapes and she ate the skins, and I spat the seeds away.
The moon was hiding in the clouds, but fortunately, the clouds were moving and the moon flickered, light and then dark, slightly piercing my eyes.
My mind was flooded with all kinds of poems about the moon, but the only verse I could remember clearly was this one: every fifteenth day of the lunar calendar month, there is a full moon at night, and with moonlight shining on the barriers, the moon had just appeared in the sky, and the people were looking up.
The moonlight belongs to the moon, your mood to yourself.
After eating the grapes, I felt the chill of the cold moon.
Curling up at my feet, Nana snored slightly, so I got up and spread Nana's little blanket over the edge of her little nest, after which she happily laid down on it.
I opened the door and shouted: is the bath water ready?
I couldn’t see the moon from the bathroom window, I could only feel it, so I turned off the bathroom light and opened the glass window.
No moon cakes, no wine.
The release ceremony introduced information about the six mascots to the audience through videos.
Rashid, a nine-year-old boy, and Latifa, an eight-year-old girl, are brother and sister, who represent the people of the UAE.
Three robots correspond to three sub themes of the Expo; the blue robot represents “mobility”, the green robot represents “sustainability”, and the yellow robot represents “opportunity”.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai Expo Senior Committee, said that the mascot will enhance the emotional connection between big events and participants, “I believe that the mascots of the Dubai Expo will spread the traditional spirit of story-telling, show the creativity of local talent, and express our ambitions and expectations”.
Recently, the Anabin Database in Germany, which is responsible for the assessment and certification of foreign academic qualifications, announced on its website that, from 2020, Chinese high school graduates can apply for German university undergraduate courses directly based on their college entrance examination scores, without having to register at a domestic university in advance.
Previously, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply to a German university had to study for one semester (university under 211 and 985 projects) or three semesters (ordinary undergraduate university) in China and pass the APS or TestAS exams.
However, the requirements of specific majors for the college entrance examination results are different.
For example, to apply for medical science, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacology, and other majors, the score of the college entrance examination should be 80% of the total or above, including at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, or the applicant should take the science subject synthesis examination; to apply for a law-related major, the score of the college entrance examination should be 80% of the total score or above, including at least two subjects of foreign language, history, geography, or the applicant should take the liberal art synthetic examination.
Military "robotic dog" take performance classes first Cirque du Soleil: inclusion in performance considered
Cirque du Soleil said recently that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which develops robots, to discuss the feasibility of robots for use in circus performances.
According to a comprehensive foreign media report, Boston Dynamics announced a "Four-legged Robot Spot" promotional video on the 24th, which shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot that can carry 14kg, and has motility that is highly adaptive to off-road terrain, 360-degree obstacle avoidance, navigation, remote control, and autonomy.
Boston Dynamics first published the idea of the robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at the time, but has not yet put it into commercial use.
However, Boston Dynamics pointed out that Spot has now entered mass production, and most of its subscribers were construction and energy companies.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics, and Cirque du Soleil said the project was still in the concept stage and they were evaluating the potential of Spot for use in live performances.
According to Xu Lin, Deputy Director of the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee and Director of the State Council Information Office, the white paper revolves around such issues as "where does China come from and where is it going", "what are China’s goals in shaping the world", "how will a developing China interact with the rest of the world", and "China contributes to a better world", through which the white paper systematically introduces China's development achievements and the path of its development, as well as where China is going, and also expounds on the relations of China and the world, in order to help the international community better understand China’s development.
The white paper, published in 8 languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic, and Japanese, is published by the People's Publishing House and Foreign Languages Press, and is distributed in Xinhua Bookstores all over the country.
Will MCA participate in the Parliamentary by-election of Tanjong Piai, Johor?
MCA President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang said, "It will be discussed by the Supreme Council of the National Front! "
However, after the MCA Central Committee convened a meeting, it announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the National Front to decide whether this traditional MCA seat should continue belonging to MCA, or should go to another member party.
After chairing the MCA Central Committee meeting on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-elections would be conducted in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) by the National Front, which is to say, the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front must pass it before it can be finalized.
He said that because the Election Committee would meet next Monday (1st) to finalize the parliamentary by-election of Tanjong Piai, the Supreme Council of the National Front meeting was expected to be held in early October.
"We have decided to convene a special leadership meeting of the National Front in early October, and the heads of the three parties of the National Front will determine which party will enter the battle. "
Asked whether MCA would stick to entering the race for the traditional seats in front of the Supreme Council of the National Front, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that as the chairman of MCA, he must act in accordance with standard operating procedures, so any decision must be agreed upon by the National Front.
"The most important thing is, what organization and political alliance are we from? "
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that MCA will go all out to prepare for the upcoming Parliamentary by-election of Tanjong Piai on three levels, namely, the District Committee, the State Joint Committee, and the Central Committee.
"The District Committee is led by Datuk Seri Huang Risheng, chairman of the District Committee (Tanjong Piai); the State Joint Committee is led by Datuk Lin Peixing, acting chairman of the Johor Joint Committee; as for the Central Committee, the acting president Datuk Ma Hanshun and General Secretary Datuk Zhang Shengwen will personally deploy. "
On Saturday (21st), Datuk Mohammad Faree, Bersatu Tanjung Piai Parliament member, died of a heart problem at the Pontian Government Hospital, aged 42.
A Villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province Ordered to “Patrol the Mountain Free of Charge” after Capturing Wild Animals
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province was sentenced for hunting wild animals and simultaneously ordered to pay RMB 15,420 (Renminbi, the same below) in ecological environment and resources damages.
After accepting labor substitution, including “free mountain patrol” for 3 months, the defendant Zhou X developed profound feelings for wild macaques and felt deeply guilty for previously hunting wild animals, said Wang Zhongliang, Deputy Chief Procurator of the People’s Procuratorate of Baokang County on the 27th day of the month.
However, considering the poor economic conditions of Zhou X’s family, the local village committee, the forest station, and Zhou X reached an agreement on compensation for ecological damages with by labor substitution through mediation by the People’s Procuratorate of Baokang County: Zhou X would engage in macaque taming and care, mountain patrol free of charge, and forest protection for one year at the village macaque reserve, and would provide philanthropic labor services to compensate for biological repair expenses.
In recent years, the People’s Procuratorate of Baokang County has organically fused the procuratorate function and social governance behavior, scientifically employed procuratorate suggestions, surveillance supervision, litigation supervision, and other supervision methods, and also applied judicial means to minimize the impact of offensive behaviors on the biological environment.
The United Nations Issues the “Champions of the Earth Award” to Ant Forest
Against the backdrop of warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, the project leader of the "Ant Forest", and Shen Junliang, user representative, walked to the podium to receive the 2019 UN “Champions of the Earth Award” from the host.
The 2019 UN “Champions of the Earth” award ceremony was held in New York, USA, on September 26th, and the Ant Forest project, which allows hundreds of millions of people to take part in environmental action through a mobile applet, won the award under the “Inspiration and Action” category.
Ms. Inger Andersen, the Executive Director of United Nations Environment Programs, said during an interview with Xinhua News Agency that "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that will enable hundreds of millions of people to take action to understand the environmental challenges faced by the human beings and what can we do for the environment.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Financial for short) on Alipay in August 2016, where it allows users to accumulate "green energy" by logging their daily green trips, paying utilities online, and other low-carbon activities, and also to "plant trees" on their mobile phones.
For every virtual tree a user acquires, Ant Forest and its non-profit partners will plant a real tree on desertified land.
By August this year, 500 million users of "Ant Forest" had reduced their carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
Jing Xiandong, Chairman and CEO of Ant Financial, said that the “Champions of the Earth Award” is positive recognition for the "Ant Forest" project.
The environmental protection public welfare model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also been successfully exported to other countries.
"Ant Forest" follows the Builders of Saihanba Forest Farm in China and the Green Rural Revival Program of Zhejiang in China as the third green innovation protection project from China to receive the “Inspiration and Action” award for three consecutive years.
Karin Birch, global economist of the British Economist Think Tank, predicts that the U.S. economy will continue its gradual downward trend this year, and the growth rate will drop to a lower level than that in the second quarter.
Matt Merley, stock strategist at Miller-Tabuck Asset Management, said that economic and trade frictions are still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the U.S. capital market this year, and whether trade frictions can be properly resolved will be the key to the direction of U.S. capital markets for the rest of the year.
Ningxia Becomes first in the Nation to Establish Annual 10-day Common Parental Leave for Parents of Children Aged 0-3
According to reports, this Regulation is an amendment to the Measures of Ningxia to Implement the Law of the Peoples Republic of China on the Protection of Rights and Interests of Women adopted in 2007, and contains 65 articles in 9 chapters, including General Provisions, Political Rights, Cultural and Educational Rights, Labor and Social Security Rights, Property Rights, Personal Rights, Marital and Family Rights, Legal Liabilities, and Supplementary Provisions.
Inner Mongolia Xing’an Yuan Longping Workstation: A Saline-Alkali Tolerant Rice Harvest of over Five Hundred Kilograms
This reporter learned from the Administrative Office of Xing’an Prefecture, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that there was good news from the Saline-Alkali Tolerant Rice Harvest Evaluation Meeting of the Xing’an Yuan Longping Workstation, which was that the yield per mu broke through five hundred kilograms.
The expert team, consisting of 6 members from the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University, and the Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs harvested the “Xing Saline Series” rice in the field.
Through the expert evaluation, on land with a pH value of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity of 5% to 6%, the average yield of the saline-alkali tolerant rice is 508.8kg.
Wang Shigang, Executive Director of Xing’an Yuan Longping Workstation, said, “For our next step, we plan to innovate and reform on the basis of this year’s testing, and redevelop and optimize the saline-alkali tolerant rice species to produce better quality and higher yield. "
Lai Yongcai, Leader of the Expert Team and Deputy President and Researcher of Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said, “When the production factors remain unchanged, I believe that the miracle of the saline-alkali tolerant rice will continue on saline-saturated land if we persist in strengthening our scientific and technological research. "
Xing’an Prefecture is within the concentrated poverty-stricken areas in the south of the Greater Khingan Range.
In October 2018, the Yuan Longping Workstation was established in Xing’an Prefecture.
Academician Yuan Long led his expert team to accelerate the introduction and promotion of the latest “saline-alkali tolerant hybrid rice” species and advanced technology, construct a 906-mu rice base in Horqin Right Middle Banner, and helped the local poverty-stricken population to increase its income and harvest through the technical route of testing while simultaneously promoting the technology.
This test harvest of saline-alkali tolerant rice brings hope for upgrading saline-saturated fields with low and medium yields to high yields, and also provides the scientific basis for the planting of rice on saline-saturated land with similar conditions in China.
Gladys Berejiklian defends her absence from the chamber, saying, “I need to spend my time running the whole state. "
A major SANY Group project has settled in Zhuzhou
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and the SANY Group held a project signing ceremony.
The SANY smart steel production project, with a total investment of 10 billion yuan, selected Hetang District as its location, and will focus on becoming the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even central China, while also being the smart manufacturing and processing center for SANY Group metal structural parts; the smart petroleum equipment and regional R&D center (headquarters base) project, with a total investment of 5 billion yuan, will be located in Qingshuitang, and will focus on the construction of smart petroleum equipment production bases, and will become the regional R&D center and headquarters.
At the same time, the SANY Group will also build the secondhand engineering machinery vehicle market in the Auto Expo Park in the Zhuzhou High-tech Zone, and carry out practical cooperation in fields such as smart manufacturing.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to its cooperation with SANY Group.
The city listed the project as the "No. 1 Project" for bringing in investment to the city this year, and the municipal party committee secretary Mao Tengfei and Mayor Yang Weiguo led the establishment of a special coordination group to efficiently coordinate, cooperate, and advance the project at a high level, which provided high-quality and high-efficiency service for the development of the SANY Group in Zhuzhou from initial contact with intention to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, which took less than 100 days.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance: 67 state-owned enterprises and financial institutions have transferred state funds of 860.1 billion yuan to enrich the social security fund.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the deployment meeting of the national transfer of state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, which was jointly held by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, and the SASAC.
In 2017, the State Council issued the Implementation Plan for Transferring Part of State-owned Capital to Enrich Social Security Funds, requiring that some central enterprises and some provinces be selected for pilot projects.
The transfer of central enterprises has reached a certain scale.
At the local level, the preliminary work of the transfer of enterprises has been carried out successively.
According to the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the transfer of some state capital from the central and local governments to the social security fund will be fully implemented in 2019 and basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting emphasized the need to complete the transfer work pragmatically and efficiently.
“According to the schedule, the transfer work should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The transfer work is tough job in limited time. "
All regions and departments should carefully organize and make arrangements to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required, solidly advance the work and accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination to solve difficult problems in a timely manner, Liu Kun said.
Transferring state-owned assets to enrich social security funds -- starting from “enriching the money bag of social security funds” to provide powerful support for pension security.
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the Notice on Comprehensively Implementing the Work of Transferring a Portion of State-owned Capital to Enrich Social Security Funds to clarify the schedule of transferring state-owned assets to social security funds, that is, the central and local governments transfer of a portion of state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund would be fully implemented in 2019.
To this point, the author believes that similar equity transfers of state-owned enterprises is not a simple change of ownership, but is an "addition operation" that can stimulate a series of effects.
The first step “addition result” of transferring a portion of state-owned assets to social security can naturally reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises by the whole people, and the development results can be shared by the whole people.
Among them, leading enterprises even continue to achieve better, bigger, and stronger results.
Furthermore, it is also be beneficial to giving full play to the “value discovery” function of institutional investors and guiding investors to invest rationally and carry out value investing.
In 1933, he composed the symphony Miserae and dedicated it to "my sleeping friends".
After that, Hartman resolved not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Please enjoy the funeral concerto performed by Camerata Bern at the 2018 Beethovenfest.
US Senate Approves Scalia as Labor Secretary - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Washington D.C., Sept. 26 (Reporters Sun Ding and Deng Xianlai): On September 26, the U.S. Senate voted to confirm President Donald Trump’s nomination of Eugene Scalia as Labor Secretary.
Amid questions over a plea deal he brokered for the billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, who committed sex offenses and kidnapping of girls, Acosta resigned under the fierce public criticism in July this year.
Since the first appearance of the Military parade for the 35th anniversary of National Day, a “Big Mac” phalanx of strategic missile force has appeared every time a grand military parade was organized.
"In the National Day parade, the Pocket Force first appeared in the Chang An Avenue after “soldier” was changed into “force”. "
The reviewed missile force gave full play to the spirits of particularly enduring hardships, fighting and dedicating themselves, as they were strict and meticulous in training and scientific in group training, the military parade training embodied three characteristics in the whole process, showed a good image of strategic military service and paid more attention to strict style.
As a high-tech strategic service, the Rocket Force focuses on science and technology and emphasizes innovation, which is a fine tradition and advantage.
In the military parade training, they broke the thinking set, broke through the traditional method, applied advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging, real-time speed measurement, etc. on the basis of learning from the past experience, so as to improve the training level and quality benefit, and ensure precise combination of people and vehicles and precise action of the formation and meet the actual combat standard.
The reviewed troops of the Rocket Force adhered to the same standard and higher requirements on the parade ground and the launching site, they held each pass and kept a close watch on each detail, so that the reviewed force could go through quenching and tempering and make the National Day parade ground a training ground and an examination room to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops.
China News, Sept. 27 According to a report by Central News Agency, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on the 26th that Iran's use of advanced centrifuges to enrich uranium has once again violated the 2015 nuclear deal.
The Vietnam-South Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association has been officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, chairman of the Vietnam-South Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association, said that VKBIA will work together with its partners to strengthen the relationship between Vietnam and South Korea.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the creation of the association is an important step in achieving the above goal.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, the new Italian Minister of Education and a member of the Five Star Movement, recently put forward a motion suggesting the Italian government levy a new tax on beverages and snacks rich in sugar, as well as air tickets.
By Yu Ruidong, Ottawa, September 26 (ECNS.CN) The new Ambassador of Chinese Embassy in Canada, Cong Peiwu, held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China at night on September 25, local time.
More than 700 people, including Canadian government officials, federal senators, friends from all walks of life, diplomatic envoys in Canada, as well as representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions, and Chinese overseas students attended the reception.
Minister-counsellors of Chinese Embassy in Canada, Chen Mingjian and Heng Xiaojun, and other diplomatic officers were also in attendance.
Chinese and Canadian artists and diplomatic officers also presented distinctive cultural programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, the 16th Ambassador of Chinese Embassy in Canada, made his debut in a public event after taking the new post.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22 and presented a copy of the credentials to Wheeler, the Chief Concierge Officer and the Chief of Protocol at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Canada, in Ottawa the next day.
Cong Peiwu was born in May 1967 and graduated from China Foreign Affairs University.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Ruan Dezhong will lead the working delegation of Ha Noi to pay a working visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
Indonesian Minister of Trade Lukita, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning Sofyan, and ASEAN Deputy Secretary General Kang Fu attended the reception.
In addition, more than 1,000 people attended, including people from all walks of life in Indonesia, missions to Indonesia and ASEAN from various nations, representatives of international organizations, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institution and overseas student representatives, and award-winning young contestants of the "Me and China"-themed children's painting competition.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian extended their warmest welcome to the guests.
The video was divided into three parts, respectively "brilliant achievements on China's development path", "stable and far-reaching relations between China and Indonesia", and "the escalation of the China-ASEAN relationship", and received warm applause from the audience.
Baidu starts trial operations of its first self-driving taxi team
Baidu declared its official start of trial operations of its self-driving taxi in Changsha yesterday.
The first Robotaxi fleet of 45 "Hongqi EV" taxis, which are jointly developed by Apollo and FAW Hongqi, has begun trial operations on open test roads in Changsha.
While driving, the vehicles can intelligently change lanes according to the traffic, can judge the driving state of surrounding vehicles, and can automatically avoid situations such as close overtaking.
At present, roads open for self-driving test in Changsha can be found in places such as the Artificial Intelligence Science and Technology Town, Meixi Lake, Yanghu Lake, Dawang Mountain and the High-tech Zone, with a total length of 135 kilometers and a demonstration area of 70 square kilometers, making this currently the intelligent driving demonstration zone with the longest mileage, the largest area, the most complex scenarios, and the most advanced vehicle-road coordination infrastructure in China.
Lang Ping still feels dissatisfied even after the Women’s Volleyball Team victory: with so many mistakes, it will be very difficult to defeat a powerful rival
On the afternoon of September 27, Beijing Time, the Chinese Women’s Volleyball Team went up against the Dutch Women’s Volleyball Team during the ninth round of the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women’s World Cup, and finally defeated their powerful rival with a score of 3:1, thereby embracing its ninth successive victory at the World Cup.
However, Chief Coach Lang Ping of the Chinese Women’s Volleyball Team still felt dissatisfied with the team’s performance during the third round.
said Lang Ping in an interview after the round.
(70 Years of New China) White Paper: China’s Development Is An Opportunity, Not A Threat Or Challenge, To The World.
The white paper says that openness to the outside world on all fronts will bring more opportunities to share the “China dividend” with various countries.
In the written interview with a reporter from Xinhua News Agency recently, Andre Srepniov, the general manager of the Russian Export Center, said that Russia was willing to strengthen the cooperation with China in the field of economy and trade so as to further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russia's exports to China.
Srepniov showed clearly that forestry, machine manufacturing, and the chemical industry account for a large proportion of Russia's exports to China, and at the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil products, meat products, and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
Srepniov expressed that the Russian Export Center is taking various measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank to provide support for the export of Russian products to China.
From July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions worldwide using RMB for payment increased by 11.31 percent, from 1,989 to 2,214, according to RMB Tracking Special Issue entitled Insights into the RMB from a London Perspective, released at SWIFT's 2019 annual conference in London.
According to the report, London ranked first in global foreign exchange transactions.
When asked to comment on the people of the Taiwan side who entered the United Nations Headquarters and attended the meeting related to religious issues, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China spokesperson Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on September 27 by saying that such little tricks are very disgraceful and nothing but a joke.
A journalist asked about a report in Taiwan media stating that the staff of the Taipei Office in New York had entered the United Nations Headquarters and attended a relevant meeting held by the US on religious issues, which was described as a “diplomatic breakthrough”.
Geng Shuang stressed that people of the Taiwan side sneaked into the United Nations in private, and called this behavior self-degrading, moreover, they boasted this was a so-called “diplomatic breakthrough”, but such little tricks are very disgraceful and merely a joke.
Hohhot Accelerates the Upgrading of its Dairy Industry Structure
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, 27 Sep. (Reporter An Lumeng) This reporter learned from the Hohhot Municipal Government of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that Hohhot has accelerated the upgrading of its dairy industry structure, and that Yili and Mengniu have edged into the top 10 dairy companies in the world; the city is speeding up the implementation of the Yili Health Food Industry Park, Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park and other projects to create an “Upgraded Version of China's Dairy Capital”.
In 2018, the large-scale breeding rate of dairy cows in the city reached more than 98 per cent, nearly 85 per cent of farmers was included in the industrialization chain, and the total sales revenues of Yili and Mengniu amounted to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further enlarge and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot released the Several Opinions on Building an Upgraded Version of China's Dairy Capital and the Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrading of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020), to fulfill the goal of taking the lead to achieve Diary Industry 4.0, the city has implemented the “five major upgrade” plans for the construction of high-quality milk source bases, the connection of the interests of farmers and enterprises, the development of leading hundred-billion-yuan-level enterprises, the cultivation of small and medium-sized enterprises with special characteristics, and the international innovation of the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, Mayor of Hohhot, said that the local government will speed up the implementation of two major investment projects, namely, the Yili Health Food Industry Park and the Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park, simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center, and continue to enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the middle rate of the VND against the US dollar increased by 5 VND
In the case of exchange rate fluctuations of +/-3%, the upper limit of the exchange rate of USD/VND for each bank today is VND 23854 and the lower limit is VND 22465.
The bank's RMB buying and selling prices were VND 3211 and VND 3295, which were VND 1 lower than the previous trading day respectively.
Techcombank has set the US dollar buying and selling prices at VND 23131 and VND 23271 respectively, which are VND 2 lower than the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB buying and selling prices were VND 3193 and VND 3326, down by VND 1 and VND 2 from the previous trading day respectively.
“The story of China” database is online to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China
“The story of China” database (www.chinastory.cn) is sponsored by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua News Agency China Search.
This is the scene from the “Culture Sharing - ‘The Story of China’ Database Online Conference” shot on September 27.
The database contains over 60,000 wonderful stories, ranging from the traditional stories of “loyalty to serve the country” and “the foolish old man moved the mountains” to the new age stories of “I will be without myself” and “Remain true to the original aspiration”, thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers of “Chinese spirit”, “Chinese wisdom” and Chines power”.
The story library is a collection of “1+4” five kinds of thematic stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is “the first teller of Chinese stories, the “learning” section takes the stories of Xi Jinping, the stories told by Xi Jinping, the allusion stories used by Xi Jinping and the stories of persons thumbed up by Xi Jinping as the main line and provides a rich and convenient network platform for readers to learn the storytelling art of Xi Jinping and comprehend the principle of governing the country behind the stories, among the four story categories of “governing the country”, “striving to realize dreams”, “Chinese culture” and “win-win cooperation” are unfolded closely around the stories of the Communist Party of China governing the country, the stories of the Chinese people striving to realize dreams, the stories of great and profound Chinese culture and the stories of China adhering to peaceful development and win-win cooperation, they are fascinating and thought-provoking, and comprehensively display the age charm of Chinese stories.
The website is comprehensive in content, rich in function and fashionable in design, and can display wonderful stories through all media.
Demonstration blasts President in Egypt, demanding he step down, authorities intend to suppress it with force
Twitter hashtags and social media are vigorously advocating that Egyptians should taking to the streets today to peacefully ask President Sisi to step down.
The Guardian reported that Cairo's NGO Egypt Economic and Social Rights Centre has noted that more than 1900 people were arrested since the rare outbreak of protests over the weekend that required Sisi to step down.
The Ministry of the Interior of Egypt stated firmly yesterday that it would resolutely respond to any attempt to destabilize the country and would not show mercy.
Annan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency.
Constitutional Party Chairman Davoud was also detained.
Ali said that his company Amlak received lucrative contracts without going through the legal bidding process, emphasizing the serious corruption of the military and relatives of Sisi, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
On Twitter, hashtags such as "Come forward and you are not alone", "Sisi is finished", "Sisi get out", and "Next Friday" have attracted thousands of tweets and retweets, whose content calls for the people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner and ask Sisi to step down.
Many boutiques in Harbor City, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong, have few customers.
Law Chi-kwong, secretary of the Labour and Welfare Bureau, and Edward Yau Tang-wah, secretary of the Commerce and Economic Development of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, met with the media regarding implementation of special training program by the Employees Retraining Board and measures to support the tourism industry.
Yu Peng-chun, the chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses are free of charge and the program is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Does exercise tire both the body and the brain?
Over 480 classic artworks including Xu Beihong's Running Horse, Qi Baishi's Peace for Ten Thousand Years, Li Keran's Ten Thousand Mountains Bathed in Red, Jin Shangyi's Tajik Bride, Luo Zhongli's Father, Liu Wenxi's Four Generations, from more than 20 important art museums in China, cover almost all the masterpieces produced since the founding of the People’s Republic China.
The exhibition is displayed in a prologue and four chapters.
This year’s Lucky Tourists, Mr. Wipoosiri and his family, who come from Thailand, expressed that he visits Macao around four to five times every year, that Macao is a family-friendly destination, and that it is wonderful to enjoy Macao’s culinary delights and explore the Historic Centre of Macao on a weekend vacation.
The traditional Tray Race kicked-off in the afternoon with nearly 180 participants representing more than 29 hotels, restaurants, and other entities in Macau; as this year marks the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, contestants lined up to form the number "20" in front of the Ruins of St. Paul for a group photo before the start of the Race, adding joy to the celebratory occasion.
Balancing a bottle of Macau Beer through the streets of Historic Centre of Macao, contestants delivered the beer safely to the finish line at Senado Square as fast as they could, making the Race full of tension and excitement, as well as attracting a large number of tourists who stopped, took photos, and even cheered contestants along the way, showing the charm of tourism in Macao.
First prize in the men’s category went to Warren Obejas Cabada on behalf of Sands Cotai Central, whereas Ye XiaoJing from the Future Bright Group won the first prize in the women’s category, and the Best Costume Awards for this year were presented to Ou Huanming and Choi Chi Hung, representing Future Bright Group and Hotel Golden Dragon respectively.
In speaking at the Dinner, Alexis Tam expressed that the tourism industry in Macau has developed rapidly over the past two decades since its return, however, in the face of continuous changes in the external environment, he encouraged industry operators to adopt innovative thinking, move forward riding on the success achieved, adjust strategies and conceive new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and he also exhorted the industry to make continuous contributions to promote the vigorous and sustainable development of Macau's tourism sector.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, Sep. 27 (Reporters Zhang Qianqian and Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a reverse repo operation with a value of 30 billion yuan through interest rate bidding.
The overnight Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th declined 32.4 basis points to 1.313 percent, the seven-day rate rose 1.3 basis points to 2.59 percent, the 14-day rate dropped 1.7 basis points to 2.95 percent, and the one-year rate stayed flat at 3.048 percent.
Helping Chinese Citizens Be More at Ease as they “Go Out” - An Interview with Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first Ministry of Foreign Affairs Consul Protection Public interest short film was launched, and the line at the end of the short film resonated with the broad masses of netizens.
Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Xinhua News Agency that the short film aims to further make the public feel the sentiment and atmosphere of “diplomacy for the people”, and to make Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are the world, Chinese diplomats will lend them a helping hand, and provide them with aid, strength, and hope.
Cui Aimin said that over the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens “going out” has increased sharply from “less than one million a year” before reform and opening up to more than 100 million people a year today, and at the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens traveling abroad has become more secure, while the objects of consular protection work and assistance have also expanded from overseas Chinese to include foreign people of Chinese ethnicity, tourists, foreign students, migrant workers, and other groups.
In addition, more and more countries have unilaterally granted visa-free or visa-on-arrival facilities to Chinese citizens.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, it is becoming more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas, and the procedures are becoming simpler.
These include the agreement with the United States, Canada, Israel, and Argentina to issue multiple visas to each other for tourism and business personnel for 10 years, and with the United Kingdom to issue multiple visas to each other for travel, business, and family visits for two years, and so on.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC business travel card with multiple entries and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining multiple visas for 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region for five years, which is of great significance for business people, especially those from private enterprises, as they “go out.”
At present, China ranks first among APEC economies in terms of effective card holders.
National Day is approaching.
The power supply area of the Tiananmen power supply service center covers nearly 7 square kilometers, so a smart inspection system has been implemented to monitor and analyze data in real time to achieve intelligent operation, maintenance, evaluation, and security.
Inside Wangfujing Mall, the superb collection of goods is dazzling, and every corner is permeated with a festive atmosphere.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining observed while walking, listened to the commercial operation and market supply report of Wangfujing Mall after it’s upgrade to serve as a pedestrian street, and acquired a detailed understanding of its holiday guarantee.
They walked into the Hongxing Grain and Oil Store and Dabei Photo Studio to learn about the sales of featured products, and asked tourists about their travel experience along the way.
At the candy counter of Zhang Binggui (Candy Zhang), Zhang Chaohe, a Beijing model worker and the son of Zhang Binggui, followed in his father's footsteps to offer the brand’s characteristically efficient and charming style of service, Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously carry onward the model worker spirit.
Cai Qi urged related staff to strengthen market monitoring, ensure adequate and stable supply for festivals, strictly control food safety, and pay great attention to fire safety in shopping malls and other densely populated places.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming also attended the inspection.
Jiangxi: The "Line Guard” guards the security of operations of passenger transportation lines.
According to the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Management Bureau, to date, 1,334 passenger transportation lines in 11 districts and cities in Jiangxi and 6 counties directly under the jurisdiction of the province all have "line guards."
The person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Management Bureau explained that due to the formal safety management of some passenger transport companies, the responsibility of safety targets has not been fulfilled, that illegal actions such as speeding in passenger vehicles and driving while fatigued have occurred frequently, and the dangers in passenger transportation are severe.
At present, 92 road passenger transport companies in Jiangxi have implemented the "line guard system" and assigned 1,334 "line guards" for passenger transportation management, which cover 4,824 passenger buses.
To celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Instituto Para os Assuntos Municipals (IAM) will organize a special event for guided public visits on the subject of food safety from October to December; during this period, people will be guided by food safety education personnel as they visit the Photo Exhibition on Supplying Mainland Food and Agricultural Products to Macao for Twenty Years and the Food Information Station, to enhance public understanding of safety regulations and the stable supply of mainland food for Macao, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Macau, and your enthusiastic participation is welcomed.
Jointly hosted by the State General Administration of Customs and the IAM of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the "Helping Each Other and Working Towards Together - Documentary Photo Exhibition on Ensuring the Safety of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Macau for Twenty Years" event is now being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, and has attracted many visitors from Macau.
To celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the IAM will organize a special event of public guided visit on the subject of at the Food Information Station on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building every Wednesday from October to December at 3:30pm (except public holidays), and during this period, people will be guided by food safety education personnel as they visit the Photo Exhibition and the Food Information Station, to provide participants with an in-depth understanding of the work of the safety regulation and stable supply of mainland food for Macao, as well as the food safety work at all stages from the import of food to market in live pictures, videos, cartoons, and multimedia interactive games, with food safety education personnel serving as tour guides, as a means to educate the public about food safety in daily life and to bring more attention to food safety, and as a means to display the spirit of "government, industry, and the public \working together to ensure food safety and enjoy food", and also to jointly maintain the food safety of Macau.
Each guided tour will last for about 30 minutes, and those interested may register at the IAM Food Information Center on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, 15 minutes before the start of the tour, free of charge; spaces are limited, first come first serve.
For any inquiries, call the food safety hotline at 2833 8181 during office hours.
Th Fujian Provincial Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform was Officially Launched - http://www.chinanews.com/
The Fujian Provincial Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform was officially launched.
chinanews.com, Fuzhou, September 27th (Ye Qiuyun) The Fujian Provincial Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform was officially launched on September 27th.
This reporter learned that, on October 26th, 2018, Fuzhou Central Sub-Branch of the People’s Bank of China jointly signed a memorandum of understanding on tripartite cooperation with the Fujian Provincial Tax Service of the State Taxation Administration and China UnionPay Co., Ltd. to build the first comprehensive tax payment platform in Fujian province for the convenience of the public.
Wang Dehui, head of Treasury Division of Fuzhou Central Sub-Branch of the People’s Bank of China, said that the platform was built based on the concepts of safety, versatility, convenience, compliance, and being cutting-edge, and that its front-end connected to tax bureaus, governments, banks, non-bank payment institutions, and social services to provide various online and offline tax payment channels through mobile apps, WeChat official accounts, tax service halls, bank branches, inclusive finance service points, while its back end is connected to the state treasury and tax system.
Medical insurance can be paid online through "Minshuitong", "Yunshanfu", and the apps and official WeChat accounts of various banks, or offline in tax service halls in Fujian province and rural inclusive finance service points through scanning a QR code, contactless cards, card swiping a card, etc.
Shi Dong, vice president of Fuzhou Central Sub-Branch of the People’s Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform not only guarantees direct payment to the treasury and real-time interaction with data, but also provides the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode tax payment services.
Currently, there are more than 16,000 inclusive finance service points in the province, and more than 9,000 of them have begun offering basic medical insurance query and payment services, so that rural residents can query and pay medical insurance fees without leaving the village, and the public has a growing "sense of gain" and "sense of happiness".
Moreover, Lin Guojing, deputy director general of Fujian Provincial Tax Service of State Taxation Administration, revealed at the event that the platform is the first in China to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology.
Some US defense media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the Patriot and THAAD systems are not low-altitude targets such as the drones and cruise missiles that attacked Saudi Arabia as claimed by the US.
Chairman of Thalys’s increase in shareholding plan completed last year, called on employees to increase their holdings by up to 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Thalys (603716.SH) announced that the company’ s actual controller and chairman, Wen Wei, had increased his holdings of 1054200 shares in total through the Shanghai Stock Exchange’ s collective bidding transaction, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total share capital,; the total increase added up to RMB 20.0926 million (including stamp taxes, commissions, interest and other transaction costs), and completed his plan to increase his shareholder ownership.
It is reported that before the implementation of this shareholding increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Thalys, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total share capital; the controlling shareholder Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instrument Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei") held 82.835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total share capital, and Wen Wei holds 66.06% shares of Tianjin Ruimei, who is the actual controller of the company.
It is worth mentioning that this is not the first time that Thalys has offered positive measures.
Since September last year, in a short period of only one year, Thalys has successively introduced measures such as executives' increase in holdings, a proposal of fallback increases in the holdings of the chairman, share repurchases, and equity incentives.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, the chairman and actual controller of Thalys, proposed a plan for the employees to increase the company's shareholder ownership, and promised to compensate them himself should any losses occur.
The holding increase period is from October 19 to October 31, 2018, and the maximum limit of the increase of the total holding of the company's shares is not to exceed 150 million yuan, but after the increase, the company's shares must be held continuously for more than 12 months, and the employees had to remain employed at the time of receiving compensation.
This reporter found that during the period of the above-mentioned initiatives to increase employee holdings, the stock price of Thalys was as low as 14.02 yuan and as high as 16.44 yuan, and based on the closing price of Thalys on September 25, the price was 20.02 yuan, while employee holdings increased by up to 42.80% and down to 21.78%.
In the first half of the year, it realized operating income of 842 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 46.50%; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was 56.2324 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 16.46%.
Since the 2018 Interim Report, Thalys has achieved a year-on-year growth rate of more than 38% for five consecutive reporting periods, with a maximum growth rate of 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core-driven collaborative development strategy based on the medical inspection intensive operation service (IVD Business), regarding the medical consumables intensive operation service (SPD Business) and the regional inspection center as breakthroughs, and iteratively upgraded on the basis of the advantages of the previous IVD Business to promote the SPD Business.
Relevant personnel at Thalys told reporters that in order to comply with the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, the three major businesses of Thalys were steadily advancing.
In the SPD Business field, in January of this year, Thalys announced that it had signed the "Cooperation Agreement for the Construction of Intensive Medical Consumable Operation Platforms and Daily Operation Management Services" with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital.
said the person mentioned above.
On September 17, according to the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network announcement, Thalys won the auction of a "medical consumables (including reagents) in-hospital logistics extension service project" from Shao Yifu Hospital of the medical college of Zhejiang University .
Previously, the Beijing leading group responsible for celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China specifically set up a volunteer office, and recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers from universities, communities, businesses, and all sectors of society in the early stages, for volunteer services covering a wide range of fields, including celebrations, get-together events, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day garden tours, and urban traffic and support.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of Stena Impero, also said the tanker was sailing from Bandar Abbas Port.
The Iranian oil tanker Grace 1, which was being held, left the waters of Gibraltar.
This afternoon, a special conference on the review and rectification of thematic education of undergraduate universities and colleges in the province was held in Changsha.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, emphasized that it was necessary to improve political standing, strengthen political responsibilities, take a rigorous approach to problems to review and rectification, and promote the high-quality development of party building, ideology, and reform and development in universities and colleges through the effectiveness of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out the thematic education of “remaining true to our original aspirations and keeping our mission firmly in mind” was a major deployment made by the Party Central Committee; all undergraduate colleges and universities must thoroughly study and implement the spirit of the important speech made by general secretary Xi Jinping on carrying out the theme of “remaining true to our original aspiration and keeping our mission firmly in mind”.
We should carefully complete the prescribed actions of the thematic education, especially the series of issues identified through solid rectification, and coordinate the reform and development of the school from the political height of enhancing the "four consciousnesses", achieving the "two maintenances", and fulfilling the original mission, to achieve the goal of "neglecting neither and improving both".
It is necessary to do a good job in combining thematic education with "enhancing morality and fostering talents", fully implement responsibility for rectification, and ensure that all the problems are settled so as to achieve the actual results of rectification.
We must adhere to solving both the root cause and the problem itself, improve long-term mechanisms, weave the institutional cage tightly, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, and ensure that all work is rule-based, and all the relevant people, affairs, and power are truly managed by the system.
The responsible comrades of the Party Committees from five universities including Hunan University and the responsible comrades from relevant provincial offices also made speeches.
The "One AC, One DC", dual UHV projects are put into service
The Zhundong-Wannan ±1,100 kV UHV DC transmission project and the Sutong 1,000 kV UHV AC GIL tunnel project were put into service on the 26th.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the Zhundong-Wannan project is the transmission project with the highest power transmission capacity and the longest transmission distance globally.
GIL means gas-insulated transmission line.
The State Grid said that the transmission distance from the Zhundong to Wannan is 3,324 kilometers.
The Sutong GIL tunnel project is a UHV AC loop project crossing the Yangtze River.
If conventional overhead lines were used to cross the river, two giant iron support towers more than 450 meters in height would need to be built on the Yangtze River, and an artificial island larger than four soccer fields would need to be built for each tower.
State Grid boldly innovated and developed compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river through underwater tunnels, thereby avoiding any impact it on this golden waterway.
The State Grid has completed "10 AC, 11 DC" UHV projects, and "4 AC, 3 DC" projects are still under construction.
Wang Chunying, spokesman and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and that the risk of foreign debt is generally controllable.
Wang Chunying made the remarks in response to a reporter's question when the SAFE released the data of the end of June 2019.
Data shows, by the end of June 2019, the balance of China's full-caliber foreign debt (including local and foreign currencies) was 198 billion US dollars, an increase of 26.3 billion US dollars or 1.3 percent over the end of March 2019, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's total foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and the non-residents were mainly medium and long-term investors such as the Central Bank.
Wang said that with the inclusion of China's domestic RMB bonds in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors have further enhanced their recognition of China's bond market and continued to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
This journalist learned on September 27 from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences that so far, Yunnan has effectively prevented the spread of Spodoptera Frugiperda, which has not broken out over a large area and caused disasters, and the province has also achieved periodical results in prevention and control work.
This January, Spodoptera Frugiperda was first found to have migrated from overseas regions to Jiangcheng County, Puer City, Yunnan Province, and confirmed to have occurred in 129 counties in the province, and had also spread to the hinterland regions of China, thereby posing a direct threat to China’s grain production.
Spodoptera Frugiperda is a major polyphagous agricultural pest insect that originated in the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas and can migrate over a long distance, and as stated in the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization’s global warning about this major migratory insect, it is “international, migrant, fulminant, and destructive”.
After Spodoptera Frugiperda invaded Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences sent Researcher Chen Aidong, who leads the provincial innovation team on collaborative and green control over cross-border agricultural pests under the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences, to the front lines along with his team, where they performed a field survey, collected samples, and conducted technical instruction and demonstration.
Chen Aidong’s team first investigated the Spodoptera Frugiperda in respect to its population characteristics, natural enemy insect resources, the characteristics of overseas sources, its population’s migration characteristics, and the toxicity of pesticides and their prevention effect in crop fields.
They actively performed research into and applied green prevention technologies, and achieved over 90% prevention in pilot regions after introducing green new prevention techniques including population monitoring, trapping of adult insects, the scientific use of pesticide, and agricultural measures; at the same time, these measures reduced the use of chemical pesticides, protected natural enemy insect resources and the biological environment, and provided technical support for the province to realize effective control over the outbreaks of Spodoptera Frugiperda and related disasters, as well as offered sustainable treatment.
So far, Yunnan has effectively prevented Spodoptera Frugiperda, which has not broken out over a large area and thus caused a disaster, and the province has made periodical achievements in prevention and control work.
At the same time, they will actively carry out international cooperation and seek to build a key joint laboratory as well as a joint monitoring network and pilot area in overseas regions to enhance the province’s capacity to monitor and issue comprehensive warnings about Spodoptera Frugiperda.
The front side of the gold and silver commemorative coins features the Hall of Prayer for Good Harvests, the highlighted structure of the Temple of Heaven in Beijing, along with the country name, year of issuance, and the Chinese name of the "China International Import Expo".
A mother-and-son pair of pandas are on the reverse side of the 8-gram gold coin, together with the words “8g Au.999”, the English name of the "China International Import Expo", and the face value.
A mother-and-son pair of pandas are on the reverse side of the 30-gram silver coin, together with the words “30g Ag.999”, the English name of the "China International Import Expo", and the face value.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a bullion coin containing 30 grams of silver that is 40 mm in diameter and has a face value 10 yuan, a purity of 99.9%, and a maximum circulation of 20,000 coins.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins is minted by Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd. and distributed by China Gold Coin Incorporation.
Beijing, September 27 (China News Service) The State Council Information Office of the People’s Republic of China released the white paper China and the World in the New Era on September 27.
China’s development lies in its down-to-earth spirit of “trading 800 million shirts for one Boeing”, which several generations of Chinese people have carried onward with ceaseless struggle, expended difficult-to-imagine effort, labor, and sweat; it also lies in its responsible spirit of “carrying one’s own burden”, through which China never makes trouble for others, transfers contradictions, buys or sells by force, or loots resources of other countries, neither in adversity or in prosperity; it also lies in its spirit of exploration of “crossing the river while feeling the stones on the bottom”, through which China discovered a development path with Chinese characteristics by adapting to the Chinese situation, drawing lessons from the past, drawing on all the outstanding achievements of human civilization, and making bold trials, rather than following old ways like imperialism and colonialism, nor following western development patterns.
China safeguards world peace with actual deeds.
Textile Representatives from 45 Countries/Regions Jointly Published the World Textile Merchandising Declaration
Textile industry representatives from 45 countries/regions jointly published the World Textile Merchandising Declaration at the 2019 Second World Textile Merchandising Conference that launched in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province on September 27.
As someone standing at the “intersection” of global textile transformation and upgrade, Sui Ruizhe said, “To realize sustainable development and common prosperity, the textile industry will demand that all participants take an active part, exert our respective strengths, and share the benefits. ”
The World Textile Merchandising Declaration points out that to embrace the future, related countries will adhere to open collaboration, ceaselessly advance the interconnectivity of both industry and market, and work together to improve the industrial chain’s level of development; they will adhere to the concept of technology as a driving force, continuously strengthen fundamental research, application research, and technical transfer, and join hands to solidify the fundamental capacity of the industry; and they will focus on new leaps in fashion, fully play to the role of textiles and apparels as a cultural medium and bridge between civilizations, and team up to improve the cultural values of the industry.
For example, Loureno Bartholomei noted that ABEST had more than 130 high-end local apparel brands and designers committed to designing fashionable and high-end apparel products, while Keqiao could supply various premium fabrics, therefore, “Throughout the textile merchandise conference, we also expect to establish relations with excellent suppliers in Keqiao and seek more opportunities to cooperate. ”
Shen Zhijiang, Party Secretary of Keqiao District, said that Keqiao would avail itself of the textile merchandising conference and advance the textile industry to march in the direction of open collaboration, inclusiveness, general preferences, balance, and mutual benefit.
By the calculation of Reuters, the central parity of RMB is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan with a countercyclical effect of 460 points.
The Reuters forms mechanism calculation, according to the RMB exchange rate published by China Foreign Exchange Trade System (CFETS), states that the central parity of RMB against USD is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan on Friday, which is about 154 points lower than that of the previous day.
On the previous day, the RMB against USD was immediately closed at 7.1315 yuan, but the central parity was 7.0729 yuan.
The central parity of RMB against USD calculated by Routers on the previous day was 7.0947 yuan, with a 218-point deviation from the actual value published by the Foreign Exchange Transaction Center.
Through calculation by Reuters according to the central parity published by CFETS on the previous day, the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (special drawing rights) basket index, and the reference BIS (bank for international settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46, and 94.92 respectively.
The Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, the Tallest Building In Northern China, Has Been Completed, Creating More Than 100 National Patents
The completion ceremony for the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held in Binhai New District, Tianjin on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of a synergetic management platform based on high-precision BIM modeling, the building information modeling independently developed by the China Construction Eighth Engineering Division’s Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center Project Department, which won first prize at the AEC Excellence Awards in the field of skyscraper construction.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, located in the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area, covers an area of 390,000 square meters and is 530 meters high, including 4 underground floors and 100 floors above the ground, and it is designed to serve diverse business needs including Grade-A offices, luxury apartments, and five-star plus hotels; upon completion, the project will become an important international landmark building in Tianjin.
The entire project consumed more than 70,000 tons of steel, about 376,000 meters of high-altitude butt welding (equivalent to 42.5x Mount Everest in height) enough welding wire to circle the Earth 40 times, and about 42,000 PCS of steel components, over 50% of which are super standard, including the world’s largest double-barreled oval steel pipe column with single-layer twist of 90°, said the manager in charge of the China Construction Eighth Engineering Division’s Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center Project Department.
The Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project is a steel structure of unprecedented complexity and processing difficulty.
Industry insiders said that the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center is the first skyscraper project completed or under construction nationwide which comprehensively uses Building Information Modeling (BIM) management.
Recently, the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project also won the International Safety Award (ISA) 2019.
The 86th Mekong River Joint Patrol and Law Enforcement Exercise by China, Laos, Myanmar, and Thailand has concluded.
This reporter learned on September 27th from the Press Office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department that, at 15:30 of the same day, 3 Chinese law enforcement vessels and 2 Lao law enforcement vessels from the 86th Mekong River Joint Patrol by China, Laos, Myanmar, and Thailand had successfully docked at Guanlei Port in China, which marks a successful conclusion of the joint patrol and law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched from Guanlei Port on September 24th and lasted for 4 days and 3 nights, involving 136 law enforcement officers and 6 law enforcement vessels from China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand.
China, Laos, Myanmar, and Thailand also held an exchange meeting on law enforcement cooperation in Chiang Saen, Thailand, where the four countries briefed each other on border management, the recent state of the fight against drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River basin, and also conducted consultation and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research, judgment, and law enforcement cooperation, through which they reached a consensus, and at the same time, the four countries held cultural and sports exchange activities, such as football, rattan ball, iron ball, and tug-of-war, which effectively advanced mutual understanding among the law enforcement team members and law enforcement cooperation and friendship among the four countries.
Iran and the six countries reached an agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue in 2015, after which the United States withdrew from the agreement in May of last year, resumed and strengthened the sanctions on Iran, and tried to force Iran to renegotiate the Iranian nuclear agreement with the United States using extreme pressure to restrict Iran’s weapon projects and regional activities.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly on the 23rd.
At 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival 2019 (TIFF), Zhang Ziyi appointed President of the Jury
News from Chinese Review Weekly Chaogtu with Sarula, directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Academy, is the only Chinese-language film shortlisted in the main competition at the 32nd TIFF, which opened on October 28, and will compete with other 13 finalists for the top prize of the Tokyo International Film Festival - the Tokyo Grand Prix.
Chaogtu with Sarula is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui, who has students around the world, and tells the story of certain difficulties in the life of an ordinary Mongolian herding couple because of different life pursuits, starring Mongolian actors Jirimutu and Tana.
It is reported that Chaogtu with Sarula will hold two world premieres during the festival, on October 31 and November 3 respectively.
The 32nd TIFF is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5, 2019 at venues including Roppongi and Hibiya in Tokyo on the afternoon of September 26, and the film festival organizing committee held a press conference to officially announce the list of films for the main competition for the Tokyo Grand Prix, Asian Future, Special Screenings, Japanese Cinema Splash, World Focus and other sections.
The film selection director of competition introduced the Chinese film Chaogtu with Sarula.
Zhang Ziyi served as the President of the International Jury for the film festival’s main competition.
The two Hong Kong films are The Secret Diary of A Mom to Be directed by Luk Yee-sum, I'm Livin' It directed by Wong Hing Fan starring top-rate actor Aaron Kwok and top-rate actress Miriam Yeung, and the mainland film is Summer Knight, directed by You Xing.
In addition, Wings Over Everest, a China-Japan action-adventure co-production, directed by Fay Yu and starring Koji Yakusho, Zhang Jingchu, and Austin Lin, will also be released in the festival as one of the Special Screenings.
The spokesperson of the film festival, "goddess" Hirose Alice, was absent from the press conference for certain reasons, although she delivered a video address.
Notable director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, Hiroyasu Ando, the Chairman of the TIFF, who just took office in August this year, and Festival Director Takeo Hisamatsu, as well as the film selection supervisors of each section, each spoke in turn to introduced topics such as the purpose of the festival and the films to be shown.
A special guest of the press conference, Yoji Yamada, director of the opening film - Tora-san, Wish You Were Here, the 50th film of the "Tora-san" series, two other Japanese film directors Macoto Tezka (Tezuka's Barbara) and Shin Adachi (A Beloved Wife), whose films were selected for the competition section, as well as a famous dramatist and writer Kazuki Nakashima, also appeared at the press conference and expressed their love for the Tokyo Film Festival.
The International Jury for the main competition is made up of five sub-juries, with the President of the jury being Zhang Ziyi from China, and the other four members being American producer Bill Gerber, French actress and producer Julie Gayet, Danish director Michael Noer, and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
Besides this, at TIFFCOM (the Marketplace for Film and TV in Asia), held in conjunction with the TTIFF at the Sunshine City Convention Center in Ikebukuro from October 22 to October 24, there will be a record of 401 groups participating this year, with 90 units from China in particular, up 6.4 times from 14 units last year.
Therefore, TIFFCOM intentionally designated the opening day, October 22, as "China Day", held a number of lectures and symposiums, and invited Japanese director Yuya Ishii to participate in related activities; the welcome dinner that evening was also co-sponsored by China and Japan.
Chengdu Expands “Panda Planet” and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, Sept. 27 (Reporter Li Qianwei) To expand the panda-themed facilities to boost tourism, the panda base will be able to accommodate up to 180 giant pandas in the future. The “Panda Planet” and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base expansion project began in Chengdu on the 25th, and marks the official launch of the “Panda Capital” project planned by Chengdu.
The planned “Panda Capital” in Chengdu will be made up of three areas; the Beihu Area, the Dujiangyan Area, and the Longquanshan Area; covering 69 square kilometers.
The plan combines ecological and cultural values with the beautiful and livable garden city of Chengdu to build an ecological home for giant pandas.
One core attraction is the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base expansion project; N scenes for cultural tourism and consumption, including Panda Town, Carefree Park, and Dream Garden; and X regional supporting facilities.
The park is planned to accommodate up to 180 giant pandas and co-existing animals such as lesser pandas and snub-nosed monkeys.
Happy birthday and best wishes to China!”
A few days ago (on the 25th), diplomatic envoys to China from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations attended the "Mighty Journey and Brilliant Achievements - Large-scale Achievement Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China".
Recently, Chinese embassies and consulates in many countries have also held a variety of activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China with local people.
They all sent their heartfelt wishes to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would start trial operations of an unmanned “Level 4” full self-driving Robotaxi taxi fleet on certain roads in Changsha, Hunan Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxies, supported by the Chinese government, will be expanded everywhere.
Since the 26th, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxies for trial operations, and passengers in Changsha can apply to use the taxies through a dedicated website.
There are “safety personnel” in the driver’s seat to ensure the safety of the passengers.
The road length for trial operations will be 50 kilometers by the end of 2019, and is planned to be extended to 135 kilometers by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the battery-powered electric vehicle “Hongqi EV” from the China FAW Group, and is equipped with a system developed by the “Apollo Program” established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
Beyond Toyota and Honda, more than 150 enterprises such as Germany’s Volkswagen, Germany’s Daimler, the USA’s Ford Auto, the USA’s Intel, the USA’s Microsoft, and USA’s Nvidia, have taken participate in Baidu’s Apollo program.
For China’s self-driving taxies, DiDi Chuxing, China’s largest online car-hailing service provider, has released a plan to start service for 30 self-driving taxies in the suburbs of Shanghai within the year.
Taiwan Scholars Suggest, Taiwanese Businesses Should Stay Close to the Mainland to Develop Mainstream Industries in an “Age of Uncertainty”
The Taiwan Business Innovation Operation Model Forum 2019 was held in Taipei on the 26th and 27th.
Many representatives of Taiwan businesses and scholars were invited to share their experiences in enterprise transformation, innovation, succession, and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Management Institute in Taipei, and organized by groups including the Capital Securities Corporation and the Outstanding Mainland and Taiwan Business Association.
The two-day meeting was divided into many seminars, covering transformation and upgrading models and business strategies, and more than 100 people attended the meeting.
With growing Sino-US trade friction, Taiwan Businesses are ushering in the “Age of Uncertainty”, said Ch’en Ming Chang, the president of the Management Institute in Taipei.
Hsü Wen T’ang, the representative of Taiwan businesses from Guangdong and the chairman of Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd., said that Yayi Electronics was once ailing due to sudden decline of orders, but the group improved their operating conditions by adjusting structures and activating assets.
Pai Hung Chang, the general manager of Apollo (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested providing “one-stop” services to regular customers if there are difficulties in developing new customers.
The reasons why the customers replaced their suppliers are simply poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery, low variety, and integrity problems, and as suppliers, we should solve these problems while rebuilding our production lines and diversifying our products to become irreplaceable suppliers.
On the 27th, the award ceremony of the “Outstanding Mainland and Taiwan Business Awards 2019”, hosted by Management Institute in Taipei, was held in Taipei.
Qualification is required for social capital to obtain the right of rural land management
Opinions are openly being solicited on the Measures for the Administration of Circulation of Rural Land Management Right to supervise the acquisition of land management rights by the circulation of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises
The newly revised Rural Land Contract Law defines the scope of land circulation, implements the concept of "separation of three rights", and sets up "rural land contracted management right" and "land management right" respectively, thereby establishing a clear distinction between the transfer, exchange, and transfer of land management rights (lease, subcontract, shareholding or other ways).
To implement the concept of "separation of three rights" and effectively implement the amendments made in the Rural Land Contract Law, and in consideration of the fact that differences exist between the circulation of land management rights and the exchange as well as transfer of rural land contracted management right in terms of parties, procedures, and supervision, the Draft defines the scope of transfer, focusing on the circulation of land management rights, including leasing and shareholding, and as such, the name of the regulation has been changed from "Measures for the Administration of Circulation of Rural Land Contracted Management Right" to " Measures for the Administration of Circulation of Rural Land Management Right".
The transfer and exchange of rural land contracted management rights will be regulated by separate management measures.
The Draft points out that under the "separation of three rights", farmers can only buy shares of the land management right for a certain period of time.
Theoretically, even if bankruptcy liquidation occurs, farmers will only suffer from the risk of losing the right of management, thus it is no longer necessary to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, which is also in conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
In order to prevent the risk of farmers losing land, various methods are adopted such as preferred stock, rent before stock, and repurchasing.
Considering that the preferred stock has a more mature theoretical basis in the Company Law, it is suggested that it should be taken as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of land loss.