I suppose that even 20 years on, it's a beheading offence to give precise details of what they said on the subject of the Queen's role in the planned official opening of the new Scottish Parliament, on 1 July 1999; but I can say that they were an impressive crew, much more politically savvy about the constitutional nuances of devolution than most UK Government representatives at the time, and much more sharply aware - given their vast experience across the Commonwealth - that political self-determination is one thing, and the role of the monarch as head of state is another.
This is, of course, a mere sub-plot in the wider Brexit drama which reached such an appalling crisis in the Commons on Wednesday night, with the Prime Minister dismissing the unanimous decision of 11 Supreme Court judges as "wrong," inciting warlike attitudes by using terms like "surrender" and "betrayal" in relation to Brexit, and dismissing as "humbug" the fears for their own safety of women MP's - friends and allies of the murdered MP Jo Cox - who are now subjected to a daily barrage of Brexit-related hate mail.
We will probably never know, or not for decades.
But what do we know about him?
How much is Kelvin Flecther being paid for Strictly Come Dancing?
The father-of-one is said to have been paid something in the region of £25,000 and £40,000 to take part in the 17th series of Strictly Come Dancing.
For those who stay until the end of October the fee rises to £40,000.
He played the part of Andy Sugden for 20 years, before quitting the role in 2016 for good.
Speaking to host Emmon Holmes and Ruth Langsford, he explained: "Twenty years is a long time.
I have been extremely lucky.
African Cooperation On Peace 'Increasingly Strong', Security Council Told
Ms. Viotti recognized the African Union and Member States' success in achieving important milestones in their pursuit for higher effectiveness, self-reliance and cooperation, and welcomed the work of the African Union Mediation Support Unit and the FemWise Network of African Women in Conflict Prevention and Mediation, which are, she said, "boosting capacity to defuse crises and making such efforts more inclusive."
Progress evident at regional and country level
Ms. Viotti went on to outline some of the progress being made in certain African countries, such as the peace talks, led by the African Union, in the Central African Republic which led a Political Agreement which is being overseen by the UN; the signing of a Constitutional Declaration in Sudan, which has allowed for the establishment of a civilian-led government, following efforts led by Ethiopia and the African Union (AU), with UN support; and free and fair elections in Madagascar, supported by the Southern Africa Development Community, the African Union, and UN.
Belfast High Court dismisses no-deal Brexit case
The three-judge Court of Appeal, led by the region's Lord Chief Justice Sir Declan Morgan, gave their judgment on Friday morning.
The three challenges focused on various aspects of a no-deal Brexit on 31 October.
One that argued the Government's Brexit policy will damage the Northern Ireland peace process was previously dismissed by the High Court.
Mr McCord, who was not at court due to ill health, said he would study the Belfast Court of Appeal judgment with his lawyer.
I hope I am proven wrong.
It did not affect the peace process.
No. of women in science field far from satisfactory; need to increase participation: President Kovind
"When this happens, our scientific achievements will become even more wholesome and more desirable," the President said.
Science and Technology Minister Harsh Vardhan, Principal Scientific Advisor K VijayRaghavan and CSIR Director General Shekhar Mande were also present at the event.
Mr Vardhan also presented the President a Fuel Cell Prototype developed by CSIR labs.
Joaquin Phoenix turns in an Oscar worthy performance as a comic-book villain whose power once lay in his ambiguous mythology, but has now been bolstered in Joker by an unflinching deep dive into his origins.
What transpires on screen is chilling, unnerving, completely compelling, anxiety-inducing, sleep-disturbing, and absolutely brilliant.
Joker is a character study that explores how a mentally ill aspiring stand-up comedian, Arthur Fleck, becomes the homicidal clown we're familiar with, and the film deftly walks the tightrope of making him a somewhat sympathetic character without pushing this aspect too far.
The balancing act is truly engaging.
Saudi Arabia To Offer Tourist Visas For First Time, Abolish Abaya Rule
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.
The announcement comes just two weeks after devastating attacks on Saudi Arabia's oil infrastructure -- blamed by Washington on Iran -- which roiled global energy markets and raised fears of a wider regional conflict.
Visitors will be surprised... by the treasures we have to share -- five UNESCO World Heritage Sites, a vibrant local culture and breathtaking natural beauty.
Foreign women, however, will be required to wear "modest clothing," he added, without elaborating.
Saudi Arabia has splurged billions in an attempt to build a tourism industry from scratch.
The country is also developing historic sites such as the centuries-old Mada'in Saleh, home to sandstone tombs of the same civilisation which built the Jordanian city of Petra.
Wells Fargo taps BNY Mellon's Charles Scharf as CEO
Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) named banking veteran Charles Scharf as chief executive officer on Friday, the lender's third CEO since a wide-ranging sales scandal erupted three years ago.
Scharf will take over from interim CEO Allen Parker, who was thrust into the position in March when former CEO Tim Sloan resigned abruptly.
Most recently, Scharf was heading Bank of New York Mellon (BK.N).
Separately, BNY Mellon named finance head Thomas Gibbons as its CEO on an interim basis.
The lender's board had considered keeping Parker as CEO on a permanent basis even after saying they would seek an outsider to fill the role, sources had told Reuters in June.
Regulatory filings showed that Scharf's total compensation for 2018 at BNY was $9.4 million.
Sloan's total compensation for the year was $18.4 million.
Shares of Wells Fargo were up nearly 3.2% at $50.44 in premarket trading.
Reporting by Munsif Vengattil, Shariq Khan in Bengaluru and Elizabeth Dilts in New York; Writing by Sweta Singh; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Anil D'Silva
Parents Arrested In Suspicious Death Of 4-Year-Old Palmdale Boy Noah Cuatro - CBS Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) - The parents of 4-year-old Palmdale boy Noah Cuatro who died in July under suspicious circumstances were arrested Thursday, officials confirmed.
Noah was rushed by ambulance to a local hospital.
He died the following morning, on July 6.
Noah's three siblings had since been removed from the home and the sheriff's department launched an investigation.
DCFS had previously investigated several reports of abuse in Noah's home.
Noah's maternal great-grandmother Eva Hernandez told CBSLA that he was in and out of foster care his entire life.
Hernandez said she often cared for her great-grandson.
"He begged me, "grandma, let me stay, don't do this to me, don't send me back,"" Hernandez said.
Rugby World Cup 2019: Warren Gatland announces Wales line-up for Australia showdown
Warren Gatland has named an unchanged team for Wales' Pool D showdown against Australia, with Alun Wyn Jones set to become the country's most-capped player when he leads his side out in Tokyo.
The Wales skipper wins his 130th cap, breaking the previous record held by prop Gethin Jenkins.
There is one switch among the replacements, with Ospreys centre Owen Watkin taking over from Leigh Halfpenny.
Buy a classic Guardian photograph: Myanmar by David Levene
In 2016, Guardian photographer David Levene and architecture critic Oliver Wainwright visited Yangon to document its changing face, amid huge political upheaval and a flood of foreign investment.
World Cup is shop window that will improve team, says Canada captain
The North Americans were beaten 48-7 by Italy in their Pool B opener at Fukuoka Hakatanomori Stadium on Thursday and now face three-times world champions New Zealand on Oct. 2 in Oita before meeting South Africa on Oct. 8 in Kobe.
Ardron, one of the few Canadians playing in a top-tier club competition - for New Zealand club Waikato Chiefs in the international Super Rugby competition - recognized his side were unlikely to upset either of the southern hemisphere nations.
(Against New Zealand) we have to go out and put out something that we are proud of.
That would be a win for us.
"That's a big step in the right direction," he said.
House blocks Trump national emergency over border, setting up veto
President Donald Trump speaks while participating in a tour of border wall prototypes.
The House voted Friday to block the national emergency declaration President Donald Trump is using to fund his proposed border wall.
The Democratic-held chamber passed a resolution to terminate Trump's action by a 236-174 margin, sending it to the president.
Eleven Republicans and one independent supported it.
His administration plans to pull $3.6 billion from military construction to fund border projects.
Some Senate Republicans facing elections next year have faced sharp political pressure over the national emergency vote.
Babies exposed to air pollution have greater risk of death
"If you can find out some of the mechanisms you can look at potential interventions," she added.
The results held across all three pollutants, with the odds of death 7% worse for NO2, 4% worse for PM10 and 19% worse for SO2.
"Both these studies concentrate on the damage done by air pollution to some of the most vulnerable members of our society - the very young," she said.
Muslim Woman Says Company Didn't Hire Her As She Wanted To Pray At Work
The CEO, Ramses Gavilondo, disputes her version of events, saying Indorewala decided she did not want the job.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations, which brought the lawsuit on Indorewala's behalf, held a brief news conference outside Fast Trak's Falls Church office on Wednesday, when CAIR labeled Fast Trak "a company that disregarded federal law and chose not to hire her because of her faith."
She promptly ended the interview.
We have fixed hours here,' " Indorewala said.
Indorewala said she then explained to Gavilondo that she prays five times a day.
"Am I really being made fun of for my religion in public in what's supposed to be a professional workplace? . . .
I just kind of quietly left the office.
Someone came for an interview.
They didn't want to work here. . . .
People can wear whatever they want."
And Morrison does not have to say "fake news" to echo the President at times.
He complained about the media on Wednesday for running "completely false" and "completely misleading" accounts of his climate policies.
He would ridicule it as a waste of time.
"The future does not belong to globalists.
The future belongs to patriots," Trump said at the United Nations on Tuesday.
"We will be more secure and prosperous in a global order based on agreed rules, not one based on the exercise of power alone," Morrison told Asialink in Sydney in June.
Zimbabwe: Sanctions Slow Down Zim Progress
Zvamaida Murwira in NEW YORK, United States
"Furthermore, sanctions are slowing down our progress, inhibiting our economic recovery and punishing the poorest and most vulnerable," he said.
President Mnangagwa urged the United Nations (UN) to assert its authority and honour its principles by reining in countries that imposed the sanctions.
As the United Nations, let us boldly honour the principles of our Charter.
The wrongs of the world must be set right.
Unfair practices must be challenged; injustice, racism and all forms of oppression of man by man must be opposed and rejected.
Cooperation is a win-win game.
Zimbabwe deserves a restart.
Since the second U.S.-North Korea summit collapsed this year, North Korea has fired 10 short-range missiles and projectiles deemed new and upgraded.
The defense paper also highlights that China's threat is expanding into space from the regional seas.
Brexit news: Britain on brink of 'watershed moment' as Remainers to accept 'they are wrong'
Caller Bob insisted MPs seeking to oppose Brexit in Parliament will soon realise they are in the "wrong" position.
Phoning in Mike Graham's show on talkRADIO, Bob said: "I think it's a watershed moment because the Brexit blockers in Parliament are beginning to show their true colours."
It's not that they want a deal for Brexit, they just don't want Brexit.
Bob continued: "The reason for that, the fundamental reason for that, is that they are defying the people of this country who are sovereign."
A lot of people say we don't have a Constitution, well, we do.
But the Prime Minister acknowledged that he would have to be able to "reach out" to opposition MPs if he was to secure their support for any new deal he negotiated with the EU.
Speaking to BBC South, Mr Johnson said: "I need to reach out across the House of Commons."
Mr Barnier told reporters: "We are still ready to work on any new legal and operational proposal from the EU."
Mr Bercow said: "I think there's a widespread sense across the House and beyond that yesterday the House did itself no credit."
There was an atmosphere in the chamber worse than any I've known in my 22 years in the House.
Trump Attacks Whistleblower Sources, Suggests Complaint Is Treason: Reports
President Donald Trump on Thursday attacked anyone involved in the whistleblower complaint regarding his dealings with Ukraine as "almost a spy" and suggested their actions to expose his alleged impropriety were "treason," reported The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times.
The whistleblower, an unnamed U.S. intelligence officer, alleges several White House officials accused Trump of pressuring Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during a July phone call to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son Hunter.
The White House then attempted to cover up the exchange, according to the complaint.
"Who's the person who gave the whistleblower the information?
Because that's close to a spy," the president continued.
The House Intelligence Committee released the declassified complaint Thursday ahead of Maguire's hearing.
"I have every reason to believe they have done everything by the book and followed the law," he told the committee.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) condemned Trump's attacks on the whistleblower and his or her sources.
"The President's suggestion that those involved in the whistleblower complaint should be dealt with as "we used to do" for "spies and treason" is a reprehensible invitation to violence against witnesses in our investigation," Schiff tweeted.
Fife Flyers expect toughest test yet in Belfast Giants double-header
The weekend results could go a long way towards claiming a top three finish, and a quarter-final place.
"We have a tremendous amount of respect not only for Shane but all our former players," Dutiaume said.
I'm sure we'll have an opportunity to shake hands with him after the game, but up until that point it has to be business as usual.
For instance, in the Nottingham game, all six players played a significant part in not only retaining possession but also getting it back when there was a turnover.
If the puck goes in people are fast to blame the goaltender or defencemen, but these are the last lines of defence.
We have to fight for the right to stay up around top of the table, and it takes a commitment every night.
Nancy Pelosi is subject of book by daughter Christine Pelosi
An upcoming book on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi comes from someone who knows her well, daughter Christine Pelosi.
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday.
Christine Pelosi's book will examine how a mother of five became the first female house speaker and her current leadership of House Democrats during the Trump administration.
According to Skyhorse, Christine Pelosi will weave together "the professional and personal experiences" of her mother.
Taoiseach opens new Irish Consulate in LA
Leo Varadkar was accompanied by the Mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti at the ceremony.
He will meet with senior executives from some of the world's leading streaming companies, studios and networks, including Netflix, Hulu, Skydance and Fox Searchlight.
PARIS (AP) - French authorities and Normandy residents are clearing up residue from a huge fire at a chemical plant as a foul stench continues to spread over a swath of territory.
Firefighters are still on the scene.
Toyota said to be increasing stake in Subaru to more than 20%
The investment would come a month after Toyota and another smaller Japanese automaker, Suzuki Motor, said they would take small equity stakes in each other.
Toyota's investment is likely to cost more than 70 billion yen ($650 million) based on Subaru's stock market value, said the Nikkei business daily, which first reported the news.
Subaru is particularly strong in sport-utility vehicles (SUV) and all-wheel-drive technology.
The two automakers in June said they planned to jointly develop an electric sport-utility vehicle on a platform produced together, to split costs.
It has been looking to expand scale in next-generation technology and said this year it would offer free access to patents for electric vehicle motors and power control units.
Shares of Toyota were down 0.9% while shares of Subaru fell 1.5% on Friday morning.
Jurgen Klopp provides update on Sadio Mane injury ahead of Liverpool's trip to Sheffield United
But Mane trained with his Liverpool teammates on Thursday and Klopp has no concerns over the forward ahead of his side's trip to Bramall Lane in Saturday's early kick-off.
"Shaq is not ready yet, he's doing rehab stuff," said Klopp.
Liverpool's Allison set to resume first-team training
Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson Becker is expected to make his long-awaited return to first-team training this weekend.
The Brazil international has been sidelined with a calf injury since the opening match of the season on 9 August.
Maybe he can train with the team from Sunday on.
There was more good news on the injury front, with Sadio Mane fully recovered from a dead leg sustained in last weekend's win at Chelsea and fellow forward Divock Origi back after missing three matches with an ankle problem.
How dare you?
Thunberg's U.N. speech inspires Dutch climate protesters
A participant holds a drawing depicting Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg during a protest march to call for action against climate change, in The Hague, Netherlands September 27, 2019.
Turnout at the march in The Hague exceeded expectations with organizers estimating the crowd at about 35,000.
Police were forced to reroute the march to a location with more space.
Thunberg, 16, gave an impassioned address at the United Nations in New York this week, after millions of people worldwide joined a climate strike protest last Friday in the run-up to a U.N. climate summit.
Banging drums and holding pictures of Thunberg, protesters walked through the city center with placards reading: "For the Greta good," "Don't be a fossil fool," and "You will die of old age, we will die of climate change."
We have presented very ambitious plans to deal with these problems.
How dare you?" she said, her voice quavering with emotion.
The Netherlands, with 17 million inhabitants, generated less than 7 percent of all energy from sustainable sources in 2017, compared to 15 percent in Germany and over half of all energy in Sweden.
North Korea slams US "inaction" on lifting sanctions after nuclear talks
A statement from Foreign Ministry adviser Kim Kye Gwan circulated by North Korea's UN mission came days after Mr Trump said, without elaborating, that another summit meeting with Kim "could happen soon."
"It draws my keen interest that it is highly topical these days in the US to hold another DPRK-US summit," the adviser said, using the initials of the country's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
On the contrary, he cited the resumption of US-South Korean military drills "which the US president personally pledged to suspend," and the ratcheting up of US sanctions against the North.
The adviser said this makes him doubt whether "a new breakthrough" could take place in US-North Korean relations through another summit.
The United States says sanctions on North Korea will remain in place until the country takes significant steps toward denuclearisation.
Indian Military Training Team Chopper Crashes In Bhutan, 2 Dead
In an unfortunate incident, an Indian Army helicopter has crashed at 1 pm near Yonphula in Bhutan.
The helicopter went out of radio and visual contact soon after 1 pm.
Ground search and rescue was launched immediately from Yonphula.
The wreckage has been located.
Boris Johnson attacks Scottish government for 'grave inadequacies'
He also reiterated his strong opposition to a second Scottish independence referendum.
In an interview with BBC Scotland, Mr Johnson said: "They have the highest taxes anywhere in the UK.
First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon has supported the possibility of a second independence referendum.
Writing on Twitter on Wednesday, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon described Mr Johnson as "untrustworthy, craven, not a shred of concern for the consequences of his words or actions."
She tweeted: "The Westminster opposition should unite around a plan to trigger the no confidence process to bring Johnson's government down, ensure the Benn Act is honoured and enable a General Election as quickly as possible.
Doing nothing should not be an option."
The Scottish Government has been asked for comment on the interview with Mr Johnson.
Mugabe Burial Set for Zvimba As Govt Gives in to Family Demands
The Zimbabwean government has given the family of the late former president Robert Mugabe a go ahead to bury him in Zvimba communal lands, Mashonaland West, instead of a so-called mausoleum being constructed at the National Heroes Acre.
Reacting to the latest development on Mugabe's burial, Maureen Kademaunga of the Movement for Democratic Change led by Nelson Chamisa, told VOA Zimbabwe Service that the late former president's burial saga will cost the nation huge sums of money as a mausoleum being built in Harare has been abandoned without proper consultations with relevant stakeholders.
This is something they were saying from the day he was declared dead.
So they flushed money down the drain ... Our members of parliament are going to be demanding accountability.
We want to know how much money had gone into that project and how they are going to replace that money.
The late president will be laid to rest Saturday, according to family members.
Antonio Caruso can see a lot of resemblances between AFL and fighting one-on-one inside a cage.
"Imagine you're playing in the AFL but you're training with an amateur club, then you go out on a Saturday and play with the AFL boys," he said.
The reflection was born on the back of a hard training session run by former UFC welterweight champion Robbie Lawler at Hard Knocks MMA gym - Carusos's home away form home.
"You can be on the mat at any one time with three or four champions, mixing it up with them," he said.
I can't run before a sparring session and then go spar, these guys will run rings around me.
Tsogookhuu (5W-1L) made his pro debut in 2016 and won the MGL-1 lightweight championship title in October, before making the move to Asia's biggest MMA promotion.
"You can't buy that type of experience," he said.
(Tsogookhuu) has grown up different to me, but it terms of skills and ability, he's tough and has what it takes, but it won't be enough.
The consumer champion is calling on the government department Ofgem to offer greater clarity on how renewable energy is defined as the current system allows suppliers to rely exclusively on REGOs, "greenwash" their tariffs, and do "very little" to support new renewable electricity generation.
World Athletics Championships: MP Jabir Qualifies For 400m Hurdle Semifinals, Long Jumper M Sreeshankar Disappoints
Long jumper M Sreeshankar failed to reach the final after a disappointing performance while 400m hurdler MP Jabir made it to the semifinals on the opening day of the World Athletics Championships in Doha on Friday.
The 20-year-old Sreeshankar could only produce a best jump of 7.62m from his three attempts in the qualification B to finish 22nd overall.
His effort was well below his season's best of 8.00m, which he had produced only last month in Patiala.
Later in the day, Jabir finished third in the heat number one and 11th overall in men's 400m hurdle with a time of 49.62 seconds to qualify for the semifinals to be held on Saturday.
He has a season's and personal best of 49.13.
He finished sixth in heat number five and 27th overall to miss out of the semifinals.
Ayyasamy, who had recovered from an injury recently, has a personal and season's best of 48.80.
The first Indian to take the field on Friday was Sreeshankar, who has a personal best and national record of 8.20m.
He began with a 7.52m before clearing 7.62m.
He then fouled his third and final jump to end his campaign in disappointment.
The 11 other best performers went through to the finals with the least distance making the cut was 7.89m.
Sreeshankar's 7.62m effort here was his second worst this season.
He had 7.53m in the qualifying round of the National Inter-State Championships in Lucknow last month.
Karen Pence Was Reportedly 'Livid' With Trump's 'Access Hollywood' Tape
Reporter Tom LoBianco, who covered Pence for The Associated Press and Indianapolis Star, reveals in his new book "Piety & Power: Mike Pence and the Taking of the White House" that Karen Pence was very unhappy with the recording.
"Karen ... "was livid" at Trump's prurient comments in the "Access Hollywood" tape," The New York Times wrote in a Friday morning article covering LoBianco's book.
"You got what you wanted, Mike," she told him.
"Leave me alone," The New York Times reported.
The man in the "white guy blinking" meme is now using his fame to raise money for a Multiple Sclerosis charity.
It would mean a lot to me and to those I know affected by the disease!
You see, two close friends of mine and members of their families suffer from MS, a debilitating disease of the central nervous system that interrupts communication between the brain and the body.
Millions of people suffer from MS and there is no known cure.
This is where you come in."
Meghan to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and refuses let own needs 'fade away' amid her royal duties
Woodstock Exchange, the UK-SA Tech Hub, focuses on skills development and access to markets by assisting entrepreneurs, particularly women, to acquire skills, resources and support.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
We both have sons, and we were bearing in mind that we are not just role models for girls but boys - and not just our sons, but generally in public too.
That you have to be true to who you are.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
She made it easy.
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now.
Angola: Minister Stresses Need to Revamp Iron Palace
Maria de Jesus said that the objective is to make better use of infrastructure and making it available to the public.
The Iron Palace is a historic building believed to be the work of Gustave Eiffel.
A black middle school student from Virginia is accusing three white boys of pinning her down and cutting off her dreadlocks.
Amari Allen, a 12-year-old student at the private K-12 Christian school, said the boys called her dreadlocks "ugly" and "nappy" before cutting them off on the playground during recess.
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up.
They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.'
They called me 'an attention-seeker.'
"They ran off laughing, and I was just sitting there," Amari said.
"It's very painful," said Cynthia Allen, Amari's grandmother.
I want to see them dismissed from the school.
I want to see something done.
We are deeply disturbed by the allegations being made, and are in communication with the family of the alleged victim to gather information and provide whatever support we can.
We have also reached out to law enforcement to ask them to conduct a thorough investigation, and further inquiries should be directed to the Fairfax County Police.
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.
He served as the president of France from 1995 to 2007.
My deepest condolences on passing away of Jacques Chirac.
Jacques Chirac was known to have been suffering from ill health for a long time.
Mickey Arthur Says Remarks About Wasim Akram, Misbah-Ul-Haq Were "Dignified"
The committee decided against renewing Arthur's contract, which paved the way for Misbah to be named the country's chief selector and new head coach.
Arthur said he had supported the participation of both Wasim and Misbah on the committee but was disappointed with the decision after placing his trust in them.
"And it just happened to be that Misbah was on the committee that didn't renew our contracts and becomes this heir-apparent," he added.
Misbah will do a good job, Misbah is a good guy and Pakistan cricket made their decision.
Speaking to AFP by phone from Perth, said he had the right to speak his mind after faithfully serving the team for three years.
"I think what he has said is his opinion," said Misbah.
I always say that everyone has his opinion.
I had good relations with Mickey," he added.
"Good relations are always there and will remain there," the current Pakistan head coach added.
Passenger caught urinating on Sydney train
Disgusting video footage has emerged of a passenger urinating on a Sydney train as horrified school students watch just metres away.
"Share this pig around," she wrote.
Doing this in front of kids on their way to school this morning.
The footage shows a male passenger, believed to be in his late teens, leaning against a pole near the carriage doors and urinating onto the ground.
"I am in total shock that this happened in peak hour on a Friday morning in front of children just going to school," she said.
When he was done he reportedly sat back on a seat and fell asleep again.
"What an animal!" one person said.
Mate take a leak before you leave the house," another wrote.
Incidents such as this are rare, however we encourage customers who witness behaviour like this to report it to Train Guards or station staff immediately.
Only police have the powers, training and resources to effectively respond to crime.
Offensive behaviour can be subject to a fine between $400 and $1100.
He has appeared eight times since then, impressing on each occasion, including a delightful performance on being introduced in the second half of Ireland's demolition of Scotland on Sunday.
I thought he was absolutely superb (against Scotland).
He recognised the Scottish defence and what he was up against.
Week in, week out, he's never really let his side down.
The likes of Sexton...
Whereas Carty has been really, really steady.
I feel that he won't let Joe down.
It is such a big game.
Local media report that around 200 melon-headed dolphins were found on a beach on Boa Vista island on Tuesday.
Officials, residents and tourists managed to drag some of them back out to sea, but many returned.
Bulldozers buried 136 dead dolphins.
Paralympian to be first blind Dancing on Ice contestant
Scottish Paralympian Libby Clegg has been announced as a contestant on the next series of Dancing On Ice.
The sprinter, who won a gold medal for Scotland at Glasgow 2014 and two for the UK at Rio 2016, will be the show's first registered blind competitor.
I love challenging myself and experiencing new things."
Clegg won't be the only Scot taking part this year with Glasgow-born actor John Barrowman joining the judging panel.
In 2016, Matthew de Grood, the man who killed five people at a house party in Calgary, was found to be not criminally responsible for his actions.
Now, in 2019, there is a hearing to determine whether or not he should be allowed more freedoms, such as unsupervised outings.
First, let's examine the more pessimistic side.
He suffers from schizophrenia, which is why he was found not criminally responsible, but has since been seeing a psychiatrist and taking his medication.
Despite his perceived improvement, there is still risk of re-offense.
But is this reason enough to remain afraid?
Is it enough to keep de Grood locked up?
I don't believe de Grood should ever be unsupervised permanently.
A parole-like system where he has to check in to make sure he's still taking his medication could work well.
Arguing that he or other mentally ill people remain institutionalized unless absolutely necessary is a form of segregation.
He was found not criminally responsible by a court of law, so why should he be treated like a prisoner instead of someone who was ill and is now better?
Alva Academy serving up World's Biggest Coffee Morning
Macmillan Cancer Support's top fundraising school in the UK is celebrating the charity's 'World's Biggest Coffee Morning'.
Dozens of fundraising coffee mornings are taking place across Scotland on Friday.
Last year, more than 1000 miles were walked, 1000 miles cycled and 101,450ft climbed - earning the school the prestigious Douglas Macmillan Award.
This year, pupils have already taken part in the likes of skiathons, swimathons, hill walks, dog walks and bungee jumps.
Their epic fundraising will come to a close following the coffee morning.
We have had a record number of sponsored events including a mass skiathon, swimathon, Ben Nevis walk, bungee jumps, dog walk, days of dance, football and a readathon.
Top team: The epic fundraising is led by the charity committee comprising of David Clifford, Kirsty Clifford and Shiona Finn.
Just seeing our pupils embracing our values of respect, determination and service is enough for us.
Currently doctors in Italy can retire once they've turned 65 or having worked for 40 years.
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, speaking on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday, said the United States has concluded the Syrian government used chemical weapons in an attack earlier this year.
Pompeo said U.S. officials had determined Syrian President Bashar Assad's government had used chlorine in the attack on opposition forces in Idlib province on May 19.
He added that the U.S. would provide an additional $4.5 million to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons to fund investigations into other instances of suspected Syrian chemical-weapons use.
He is just one of a number of American citizens held in Syria and we call upon the Syrian regime to release them all.
Uber overhauls app in quest to build 'operating system for everyday life'
Among the tech company's most significant moves will be merging its ride-hailing app and food-delivery app Uber Eats, and offering users alternative travel information including bikes, scooters, public transportation, and even helicopters in some locations.
"We recognize that becoming an integral part of people's lives comes with real responsibility," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said.
"To some extent, we're competing against ourselves," Khosrowshahi told the Verge of adding public transit options.
Uber Eats will also open more "digital-only restaurants" - businesses with no brick-and-mortar outlet where customers can only order food from on the app.
Uber's big changes come as the company struggles to turn a profit months after it went public in May.
In the two-hour event, Uber did not mention Assembly Bill 5, a new law passed in September that will upend the way gig economy workers in California, including drivers, are remunerated, as well as the benefits they are entitled to.
Uber, its competitor Lyft, and other gig economy startups have announced a plan to fight the bill with a 2020 ballot measure.
Riders will now use a four-digit PIN to verify they are entering the correct car.
Uber said it is developing an "ultrasound wave" technology so in the future the app can automatically verify riders are in the right car without a PIN number.
In the app, riders will now have a "Report Safety Incident" option and the ability to text 911 in case of emergency.
The company updated its "real-time ID check" feature introduced in 2016, requiring drivers to take selfies to verify identities.
A CNN report last year found at least 103 Uber drivers in the US had been accused of sexually assaulting or abusing their passengers over a period of four years.
Boris Johnson's tax cuts will cost £26billion a year
The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) challenged Boris Johnson's flagship policy
Warned giveaway "risks putting the public finances on an unsustainable path"
Treasury spokesman said: "Any decisions would be for the Chancellor to take"
It warned the giveaway "risks putting the public finances on an unsustainable path," given the risk of leaving the EU without a deal.
Echoing criticism made by opposition parties, the think-tank also concluded most of the tax cuts would go to those on higher incomes.
He said he wanted to help the "huge numbers" of middle income households which have been dragged into paying the 40 per cent higher rate of tax.
It described it as a "substantial and expensive tax cut from which only those on high incomes would gain."
Mr Johnson has also outlined plans to raise the point at which National Insurance kicks in, currently set at £8,632.
The report said only 3 per cent of gains would go to the poorest 20 per cent of households as so many do not earn enough to pay national insurance, or are unemployed.
The IFS stressed the annual bill for Mr Johnson's tax cuts could range between £10billion and £20billion, if the tax cuts are phased in more gradually.
Antonio Brown says he's not quite ready for retirement
Antonio Brown has indicated he's not retiring from the NFL, only a few days after announcing he was done with the league in a rant.
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now."
He was released by the New England Patriots last week after playing only one game.
He's been dumped by three teams in the last six months.
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine
"Modern animal welfare is about considering how an animal is coping both mentally and physically with the conditions in which it lives," ACT City Service Minister Chris Steel, who secured the bill, said in a media release.
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare
Glyphosate is the key ingredient in Monsanto's weedkiller, Roundup.
Bayer, which owns Monsanto, says the herbicide is safe when used properly, as does the US Environmental Protection Agency.
Neumann Kaffee Gruppe (NKG), one of the world's largest traders, said glyphosate was one of a number of substances it monitored on the coffee it buys.
Nestle buys some of its coffee beans from NKG.
"This is not a new process, we are just reinforcing controls," the spokesperson told CNN Business.
"Our agronomists will continue to work with coffee farmers to help them improve their weed management practices, including the appropriate use of herbicides and adoption of other weeding methods," the Swiss company said.
Nestle last year agreed a deal to sell Starbucks' packaged coffees and teas around the world.
Does glyphosate cause cancer?
Glyphosate is used on more than 100 food crops, according to the EPA.
Ecological risks include damage to pollinators and the problem of weed resistance, the EPA said in a statement in April.
Bayer is contesting the verdict.
A 2015 study by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer found that glyphosate was "probably carcinogenic to humans," based on "limited" evidence of cancer in humans and "sufficient" evidence of cancer in experimental animals.
Somalia: At UN, Somalia's President Spotlights Country's Progress, but Cautions Eradicating Terrorism 'Will Not Be Easy'
Somalia was also impacted by land degradation, long-term drought and deforestation.
J. Lo, Shakira to perform at Super Bowl halftime show
NEW YORK (AP) - Jennifer Lopez and Shakira are going to bring the heat to the 2020 Pepsi Super Bowl Halftime Show.
Lopez and Shakira both posted a photo of them standing side by side on social media to announce the news.
"Going to see the world on fire," Lopez wrote.
"It doesn't get any bigger than this!
Shakira has won 11 Latin Grammys and three Grammys.
Jay-Z's Roc Nation company is co-producing the halftime show.
Tyrone's Gavin Devlin picks up 24-week suspension
Tyrone selector Gavin Devlin has been hit with a 24-week suspension following his conduct as a supporter at an underage game.
He was accused of 'disruptive conduct not causing the premature termination of a game', by a supporter.
The CCCC had proposed two separate bans on the grounds that Brislane had used abusive language towards a referee and for "any type of assault of a referee" under Rule 7.2 (c) of the official guide.
They found, however, that "the evidence presented did disclose a lesser infraction."
Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker thinks interest rates should hold steady as events unfold in what he called a strong economy that also has "clear downside risks."
Nor do they have implications for the wider economy," he said.
However, he added that the Fed should continue to look at its approach to where it is holding its balance sheet and said "organic" expansion should be considered.
Gamers get chance to compete at Euros
A draw will take place in January 2020.
It will divide the participating nations into 10 groups for the online qualifying phase, to be contested between March and May 2020.
The winner of each group and the best six runners-up will qualify for the final tournament in London.
We have seen a massive growth in the popularity of eFootball over the past few years and the eEURO 2020 will give us the opportunity to connect with new and existing fans of national-team football.
Lil Wayne ordered to pay over $150K in phony concert case
The legal docs reportedly show Natan claimed he loaned $500,000 to a guy named Eric Stenger to promote Weezy shows.
This is the latest in a string of legal troubles for the 36-year-old.
Earlier this year he threatened his former record company Moments in Time with legal action because they wouldn't return an old lyric notebook of his, instead they were trying to auction it for £189,600.
San Francisco Mayor London Breed accused Trump of "taking swipes" at her city for "no reason other than politics.
"I would love to have a President that wants to work with us on solutions to the challenges we face, whether that be with our infrastructure, our need for more housing, or helping people exit homelessness."Eric Schaeffer, director of the Environmental Integrity Project and a former top enforcement official at EPA, said the agency's current focus on homeless encampments is misdirected when it "has done so little to enforce illegal discharges from much larger sources across the US."
During a fundraising trip last week in California, Trump had threatened to have the federal government step in to "clean up" the homeless problem there and said floated the idea of the EPA going after San Francisco for allowing drainage from homeless encampments into the Pacific ocean.
Zimbabwe: 'Poisoned' Doctor Leaves Country for Treatment
Dr. Peter Magombeyi, acting president of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, had been receiving care in Harare for a week since his release from captivity.
Friends and colleagues suspect he was poisoned during his five-day abduction and now has liver damage.
His father, Kingstone Magombeyi, had been staying with him at the hospital since his release last Thursday.
"I am very happy for that step taken by the medical practitioners, am very happy on that one, because there are some areas whereby l feel he needs further medication," Kingstone Magombeyi said.
Peter Magombeyi's departure for South Africa only came after the head of the High Court, George Chiweshe, chastised police who had defied a court order and blocked the doctor from leaving.
His colleagues say the outspoken doctor was abducted for calling the strike on Sept. 3 to push President Emmerson Mnangagwa's government to raise doctors' salaries, currently equal to less than $200 per month.